The Abilene regional airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
18L/36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
The location identifier for Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport city served Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.
Alderney Airport runway name is 14/32.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3,610.
The number of the first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made from asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol runway name is 06/24, Kaagbaan.
Andrews Country Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews Country Airport's owner is Andrews Country, Texas.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.0.
The first runway at Angola International Airport is made from asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2,939.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport, New Zealand is 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
The runway name at Ashgabat International Airport is 11/29.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority.
Atlantic City International Airport runway name is 13/31.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Denmark demonym is Danes.
Fallujah is in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
One of the languages used in Iraq is Arabic.
Madrid is in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the New Jersey region.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States Air Force fought in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Carrol County Maryland is southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The leader of Azerbaijan is called the Prime Minister.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
250 Delaware Avenue has the Postmodern style of architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler.
The construction of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
The architect of Adare Manor is James Pain and George Richard Pain.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds have the architectural style of "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows".
Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City.
Buffalo New York is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh.
The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome.
Indian people are from India.
Julia Morgan designed significant buildings in Los Angeles.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove is part of California.
One South African group is White South Africans.
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom.
1634: The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is available in print form.
AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom.
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is published in Hardcover.
A Long Long Way comes from the English language.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the ISSN number 0025-5858.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil is available in print.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 0567-7920.
The LCCN number of Addiction (journal) is 93645978.
Addiction journal is devoted to the study of addiction.
Aenir is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States.
The book "Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The academic discipline of the American Journal of Mathematics is Mathematics.
The novel Castle is written in English.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillian Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
A Glastonbury Romance is a notable work by John Cowper Powys.
Soho Press is located in the United States.
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber.
One United States ethnic group is Asian Americans.
English is the language spoken in the United States.
A Glastonbury Romance was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens's ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens FC played the 2014-15 season in the Football League (Greece).
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK competes in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played the Eredivisie 2014-15.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
Akron Summit Assault's full name is "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault".
Amsterdam's leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
Christian Panucci played for Chelsea F.C.
Christian Panucci played for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer played for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is located in the region of Umbria.
Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy.
Jens Hartel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is attached to the club FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays at Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago is attached to the club ASD S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays at the Atalanta B.C.
Michele Marcolini plays at the Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stoger plays for 1. FC Koln.
Rolando Maran plays at FC Bari 1908.
Sportpark De Toekomst is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the state of Alba.
B.M. Reddy is the President of the Acharya Institute of Technology.
Mahé, India is to the northwest of Kerala.
Mendrisio neighbors Meride.
The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States.
Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin's almaMater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
The Benitoite gem is in California.
Elliot See died on the 28th of February 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is dead.
The character, April O'Neal, was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC.
The full name of Ben Urich is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski's full name is Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Black Pirate is also known as Jon Valor.
John Buscema has won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is a United States national.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
Albany, Georgia has area codes of 89 and 234.
Albany is a city in the U.S.
The leader title of Albuquerque (New Mexico) is the Mayor.
The Albuquerque (New Mexico) House of Representatives is the lead leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo is part of Randall County in Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Richardson Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is at an elevation of 325.0 above sea level.
The area code for Antioch, California is 925.
Antioch is part of theContra Costa County in California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Kasim Reed is a leader in Atlanta.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is 167m above sea level.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington has a total area of 777.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Texas.
Spanish is a language spoken in California.
Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is in the United States.
The largest city in Michigan is Cleveland.
Orange County, California is in the U.S.
The largest city in Oregon is Portland.
The largest city in Tarrant County, Texas is Fort Worth.
Barack Obama is a leader in the United States.
The United States Capitol is the United States House of Representatives.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arros negre.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region.
Arros negre is from the region of the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet is from the region of Singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in the BLT dish.
Baked Alaska comes from the region of Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Paisa region.
Barny cakes can be served in 30g sizes.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
The main ingredients in batagor are fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajji.
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit.
Bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese.
Bionico is found in the region of Jalisco.
class: bird class.
In India the currency is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is an Indian leader.
In Indonesia the language spoken is the Indonesian language.
Aristóteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
One of the ethnic groups on Java is the Banyumasan people.
One of the ethnic groups on Malaysia's food-covered food-covered food-Malaysian Malay.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish is a language spoken in New York.
Shumai is a food found in China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in the dish Siomay.
One of the ethnic groups on Sumatra is the Malaysian.
David Cameron is a leader in the United Kingdom.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, established in 2000, falls under the category of Contributing property.
Frederick Maryland is the nearest city to Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
African Americans are an ethnic group in Akron, Ohio, in the United States.
Salem is the capital of Oregon which is part of Oregon.
The United States House of Representatives is the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico, where the leader is called, the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo is in Texas, in the United States.
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim, California which is part of California.
Anaheim is part of Orange County which is in California, in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township which is in Indiana, in the United States.
Antioch, California has an elevation of 13.0 above sea level and a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
Arlington, Texas is at an elevation of 184 above sea level and has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington is part of Texas, in the United States.
Atlanta is in Georgia, in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States, where the capital city is Washington D.C.
Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and is located in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Auburn is in Pierce County, Washington, U.S.
Albany, Oregon is part of the U.S. capital, Washington D.C.
Amarillo is in Texas, in the United States, where the capital city is Washington D.C.
African Americans are an ethnic group in Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Auburn, Alabama is located.
English is the language spoken in Akron, Ohio, United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where the leader is known as the President.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
Arem arem originates from the country of Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Arrabbiata sauce is found in Italy where the language is Italian.
Arrabbiata sauce is found in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from Italy.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Valencian Community in Spain.
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and are found in Indonesia.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia.
A variation of a club sandwich is the bacon sandwich and a variation of it is the BLT.
The main ingredient in a bacon explosion is bacon and sausage.
A variation of a bacon sandwich is a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin, it uses the ingredient bacon.
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT and one of the ingredients is bread.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which is from France.
Baked Alaska is from the country of France, where Manuel Valls is a leader.
Meringue is an ingredient of a Baked Alaska, which is a dish found in the United States.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in the bakewell tart, which can be varied by adding fruit preserves.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Celery is in the family Apiaceae and is an ingredient in Bakso.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is typical Colombian cuisine.
Barny Cakes originated in France, where Claude Bartolone is a leader.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish batagor.
Batagor, Siomay and similar variations of these dishes contain peanut sauce.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow, a dish from the country of Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the country of Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesia. Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow.
Bhajji comes from the country India, where the people are known as Indians.
Bhajji comes from the country India, where two of the leaders are, T.S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines, where Igorot people are an ethnic group.
The main ingredients in binignit are banana and also the dish binignit.
The main ingredient of binignit is sweet potato and it also has bananas.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
Bionico is from Guadalajara and contains granola.
Bionico and cake are both served as desserts.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widodo.
Batagor is an ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Shumai.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and the runway length is 2777.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It has an elevation of 610.0 metres above sea level.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0 metres.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where they speak Arabic.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the bombing of the US Air Force.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is poaceae, which is of the class Monocotyledon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0 metres.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and its first runway is 3800 metres long.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and its first runway has an asphalt surface.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, has a runway length of 2014.0 metres.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Houston is the largest city.
The runway length of Angola International Airport is 3,800 and it is located in Luanda.
The Ardmore Airport in New Zealand has a runway length of 597.0 metres and the 3rd runway is made of Poaceae.
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and the first runway has a length of 12467 feet.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters are in Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, in the United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has the runway name 4/22.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway length of 3048.0 metres.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and were in the Regionalliga in the 2014-2015 season.
A.C. Chievo Verona has 39371 members and their home ground is Verona, Italy.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran, who was born in Italy.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for FC Dallas.
A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014–15 A EPSTH Greece season.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Irlam Town F.C.
AFC Fylde has 3180 members and their grounds are in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their grounds are in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is in Livorno and Serie B league.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma.
Paulo Sousa, who manages ACF Fiorentina, plays for Juventus FC.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and the full name of ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their grounds are in Greece.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC who compete in the Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is part of the tenants of AFC Ajax (amateurs).
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena in Shuvulan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and are in season 2011 PDL.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio, in the Umbria region.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
Luciano Spalletti, who manages A.S. Roma, plays for Empoli F.C.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and can be found as an E book.
AIP Advances (abbreviated to AIP Adv.) has the EISSNnumber 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and is available in print form.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys and followed by Weymouth Sands.
The OCLC number of A Long Long Way is 57392246 and was published in Print & Paperback.
A Long Long Way, which has 292 pages, was published in the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press whose parent company is Penguin Random House.
A Loyal Character Dancer was penned by Qiu Xiaolong and is in print.
A Severed Wasp has an ISBN number of "0-374-26131-8 and an OCLC number of 8805735.
A severed wasp can be found in hardcover and the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is in print and has the ISBN number of "0-374-26131-8".
Julius Springer is the founder of Springer Science+Business Media which is the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published by Fantasy literature and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson and followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones which was authored by Brandon Sanderson.
The American Journal of Mathematics is abbreviated to Am. J. Math.
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press which is the publisher of the American Journal of Mathematics.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States where there is an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba, Alba.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
B M Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology, which is located in Bangalore.
The All India Council for Technical Education is located in Mumbai and gave the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala where Kochi is the leader.
The character, April O'Neal, was created by Peter Laird, an American.
Bananaman, starring Jill Shilling, is broadcast by the BBC.
Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman broadcast by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor, born in Derbyshire, starred in Bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in Big Hero 6, starring Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in Big Hero 6, starring Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 and was created by Steven T. Seagle.
The comic book character Ben Urich, full name Benjamin Urich, was created by Roger McKenzie.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski, full name Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman.
Alan Bean is retired and was born on March 15, 1932.
Alan Shepard is dead.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders, who was born in British Hong Kong, was a crew member on Apollo 8.
Retired William Anders graduated AFIT in 1962 with an M.S.
108 St Georges Terrace, completed in 1988, has a floor count of 50.
200 Public Square is located in the United States and has a floor count of 45.
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres and has a floor count of 34.
There are 60 floors at 300 North LaSalle in Chicago.
The United States architect George Winkler designed the 320 South Boston Building.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena at East Link Bridge.
The 3Arena, designed by the Populous company, is located in Dublin.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which is located in Copenhagen.
The architect of Adare Manor, completed in 1862, was George Richard Pain.
Adare Manor is located in Adare,County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall, Haputale Sri Lanka, has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan, where Brazilians are an ethnic group.
The address of Akita Museum of Art is "1-4-2 Nakadori", it has 3 floors.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where Austin Fernando is the leader.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick which is part of Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin, which is part of the Republic of Ireland.
American Alan Bean is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was an American born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. Joe Biden is a leader in the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was an American citizen who was selected by NASA in 1963 to become a member of the Apollo 11 crew. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a doctorate in Science.
Elliot See was an American citizen who was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962. He died in St. Louis.
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin, and died in St. Louis. Francis G. Slay was the leader of St. Louis.
Elliot See died in St. Louis, the Kingdom of France. He served as a member of the St. Louis Nationale.
Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire, spent 13017 minutes in space as a bird.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print form.
English is spoken in Great Britain and is the language used in 1634: The Ram Rebellion. The book was written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery, led by Alexander L. Wolf.
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is HIV/AIDS. It has the ISSN number 0269-9370 and the ISSN number 0269-9370.
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is HIV/AIDS. The journal has the ISSN number 1473-5571 and comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS.
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the US and graduated from Stanford University. He is the editor of AIP Advances and is the alma mater of Stanford University.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173. It can be located by it's ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer was penned by Qiu Xiaolong and has the OCLC number 49805501. It was identified by the book's ISBN number, 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the English language is spoken. It was published in the United States.
A severed Wasp has 388 pages in total and can be found in hardcover.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg (abbreviated to Abh.Math.Semin.Univ.Hambg) has the ISSN number 1865-8784 and LCCN number 32024459.
Above the Veil followed the book Aenir which is written in English. Australians are the Australians.
Above the Veil followed the book Aenir written by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil.
Above the Veil, written by Garth Nix, is a 248 page hardcover book.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbr. Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and the LCCN number 60040714.
Addiction (journal) or Addiction has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
The Journal Addiction was published by Wiley-Blackwell which has the ISSN number 0965-2140. It is owned by John Wiley & Sons.
Administrative Science Quarterly was published by Cornell University, which is affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
Aenir, written in English, was followed by Above the Veil and was written in the same language.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. It was published in the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has 320 pages. It has the OCLC number 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where the language is English and the book is written in it.
John Cowpher Powys was born in Shirley,Derbyshire. He wrote A Glastonbury Romance which was published in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
Administrative Science Quarterly, or SAGE Publications, was founded by Sara Miller McCune.
A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars is published in English, the language of the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States, where the capital city is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
A Wizard of Mars was Published in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is known as the President and one of the ethnic groups is African American.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President and one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans.
Jens Hartel is the manager of FC Magdeburg and plays for SV Germania Schoneiche. He is also part of the club 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and played for A.S.D. S.S. Licita 1931 and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA is the full name of A.C. Lumezzane, who has 4150 members and is in the Lega Pro/A league.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez, manages A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for the El Salvador national football team and Alianza F.C.
Antonis Milionis is chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members.
A.F.C. Blackpool fullname is Association Football Club Blackpool and has 1500 members. Their ground is located in Blackpool and they have a website.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Chesterfield F.C. Halton and is attached to the club Runcorn F.C. Halton.
AFC Fylde's manager is Dave Challinor who plays at Stockport County FC and is attached to the club Colwyn Bay FC.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is located in Livorno, Italy and has 19238 members. Their full name is "Livorno Calcio S.p.A.".
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who played football for Serie B and Carpi FC 1909.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Chelsea F.C. and is attached to the Real Madrid CF club.
AEK Athens F.C. is in the Superleague of Greece, the champions of which are Olympiacos F.C.
AEK Athens FC had the manager Gus Poyet who is attached to the Chelsea F.C. and plays for Real Zaragoza.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and is in İstanbulspor A.Ş. He is also in the Jong Ajax club.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
Luciano Spalletti, who manages A.S. Roma, plays for Udinese Calcio and is attached to the club SSDoli F.C.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and plays for S.S.Chieti Calcio and A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and played for US Castrovillari Calcio. He is currently at the club ASD S.S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago, who manages A.C. Cesena, played for US Castrovillari Calcio and is attached to the club S.S. Chieti Calcio.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio and Frank G Jackson is a leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has 12 floors with an area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Du Page County, Illinois where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
The United States architect George Winkler designed the 320 South Boston Building, which has 22 floors.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena at North Wall Quay, and it was completed in December 2008.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark. The hotel has 23 floors.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, which was designed by the architects 3XN.
The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin, who was born in Bloomsbury. One of the significant buildings designed by Augustus Pugin is the Palace Of Westminster.
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor, which was completed in 1862, and is owned by JP McManus.
Adisham Hall, Haputale was completed in 1931 and is located in the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931. It has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader in Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, whose capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, and whose currency is the Ski Lankan rupee.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in the United States.
San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar Conference.
Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds. One of the significant buildings designed by Julia Morgan is Chinatown in San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987. It has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, is located on Avenue A, Manhattan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, is located in New York City and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who is from Birmingham. The leader of Birmingham is the Conservative Party (UK).
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham where the Liberal Democrats are the leaders.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn.
Anandiben Patel was the leader of Gujarat, Ahmedabad, where Amdavad ni Gufa is located.
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland and is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is lead by the New Mexico Senate and has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. The leader's title is New Mexico Senate.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Alpharetta is part of the U.S. state of Georgia, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Alpharetta is in Georgia, United States, where the capital city is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Anaheim, in California, has the area code 657, 714 and has the area code 657, 714.
Anaheim, California is part of California and the leader is the California State Senate. The California State Senate is located at the California State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township which is part of Lafayette Township which is in Indiana, in the United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township which is in Indiana, in the United States. One of the ethnic groups in the state are the Asian Americans.
The United States House of Representatives is the leader of Antioch, California which is part of the Contra Costa County and is where the city of Antioch is located.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States. It is the county seat of Fort Worth.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Atlanta, with a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre, is located in the United States and has the area code 404.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. It is the largest city in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Atlantic City is in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. Atlantic City is the largest city in Atlantic County, New Jersey.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States.
Auburn is part of Washington state, U.S.A. The capital is Washington D.C.
Olympia is the capital of Washington state which is part of the U.S. The state is the location of Auburn, Washington.
Albany is a city in Dougherty County, Georgia, U.S.A. Albany is the capital of Georgia.
Anderson is the largest city in Madison County, Indiana, United States. The county is part of Madison County, Indiana.
Trenton is the capital of New Jersey, United States, where Atlantic City is located.
Arlington is in Texas where English is the main language and the largest city is Houston.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana, United States. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English. Akron, Ohio is located in the U.S.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where Akron is located. The city is also the location of Akron Summit County, Ohio.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The city of Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States where English is the language and one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Angola, Indiana is in the United States where English is the language and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Aarhus Lufthavn A/S is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2776.0 metres and a runway named 10R/28L.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama, part of the community of Madrid in Spain.
The Indian Air Force operates Agra Airport which is located in Uttar Pradesh and has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq, operated by the United States Air Force, has a runway length of 3,992.88 metres.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya and who deploy the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the bombing of the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and has a length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority has headquarters in Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and has a runway named 18L/36R with a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located 210 metres above sea level and is in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 1773.0 metres.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 896.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where Austin is the capital and English is the language spoken.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the demonym for the inhabitants is Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, in Belgium where the German language is spoken.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which serves the New Jersey region. The headquarter of the airport is the Four World Trade Center.
The Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The runway length is 3048.0.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the community of Madrid.
Ahora Madrid is the leading party in Madrid, Spain, where the Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located.
The Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain, where the leader party is the Peoples Party (Spain).
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. To the southeast of Adams County is Carroll County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the southeast of Adams County is Carrol County, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. It is sometimes called Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The National Assembly dictates the legislature of Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from Lazio, in Italy.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Tomato is from the family of solanaceae and is of the order of flowering plants. Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes as one of its ingredients.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Rome, Italy and contains olive oil.
Tomatoes are found in Arrabbiata sauce which originates from the region of Rome, in Italy.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia and contains fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia. Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia.
BLT is a variation of the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich. Lettuce is an ingredient in a BLT.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital city is Washington D.C.
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT which has bread as an ingredient. Another variation for a bacon sandwich is the club sandwich.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which comes from the region of New York and France.
Baked Alaska comes from France where Manuel Valls is a leader and the currency is the Euro.
Baked Alaska, which contains Christmas pudding, is a dish found in the New York region and is a dish found in the U.S.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, a type of dessert. Cookie is also a dessert.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region and contains ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding from the Derbyshire Dales region. It uses ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia and it contains beef.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa, a traditional dish from the Paisa region.
Columbian Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the Paisa region and contains hogao.
Barny Cakes come from France where the leader is Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls is a leader.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the region of Singapore and Indonesia. It includes sesame oil among it's ingredients.
Beef kway teow is a dish of Singapore and Indonesia and contains oyster sauce as an ingredient.
Bhajji comes from the country India, where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit, a type of dessert. A cookie is also a type of dessert.
Binignit is a type of dessert. It contains sago and cookies are types of dessert.
Binignit is a type of dessert that contains taro. Cookie is also a type of dessert.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes (of the order Solanales) and banana.
Bionico is a dessert containing granola and is found in Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico and contains raisins.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the currency is the peso.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where Amatriciana sauce is found. The capital is Rome.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from, where one of the languages spoken is Arabic. It is also where one of the ethnic groups are the Igorot people.
English is spoken in Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader. Beef kway teow is a dish from the country.
Tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is of the order of Solanales. Amatriciana sauce includes tomatoes.
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India has 250 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore and it has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala which has Mahe, India to its northwest. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania has a national anthem called Desteapta-te, române! and one of its ethnic groups is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and one of the ethnic groups is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association based in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Aarhus, Denmark.
The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny who is French.
Bananaman starred Tim Brooke Taylor and was broadcast by the BBC between April 15th 1986 and 15th 1987.
Big Hero 6, starring Scott Adsit, is a film that was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Baymax first appeared in that film.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit. Baymax is a character in the film version of the film.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Mark Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
The comic character Bolt, was created by Dan Mishkin and the comic book writer Gary Cohn.
Larry Bolatinsky is also known as Bolt and was created by Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn.
103 Colmore Row was constructed between 1973 and 1976 in Birmingham. It has 23 floors and was completed in 1976.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, a country with capital city Cape Town and a population of Coloured people.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. Cleveland City Council is the governing body of Cleveland.
250 Delaware Avenue cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 (square metres).
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago.
The building at 300 North LaSalle, Illinois, was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors. It is located in Illinois.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International. The hotel has 23 floors and was designed by the architect 3XN.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, Munster, County Limerick. Limerick City and County Council govern County Limerick.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Akita, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
Alan B Miller Hall was completed on 1 June 2009 at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia and is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was constructed in 1913. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Avenue A, Manhattan and were constructed in 1904. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which is part of Manhattan. Cyrus Vance Jr. is a leader in New York City. Brooklyn is a part of New York City.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. Manhattan is lead by Gale Brewer.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, where the postcode area is 'B'. Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, the postcode area of Labour Party (UK).
Anandiben Patel and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in Gujarat, India, where Amdavad ni Gufa is located.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Akita, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
Elizabeth II is a leader in the United Kingdom where the capital city is London and 20 Fenchurch Street is located.
Joe Biden is a leader in the United States where English is the language and the leader is known as the President. 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the country.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the United States, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku, Azerbaijan, where the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade. The capital city is Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital city is Baku. The native name for the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located. The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is located in the district of the city of Frederick, Maryland.
The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The bronze Ataturk Monument can be found in Turkey.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir, Turkey. The leader of Turkey is the President.
Albany is in Georgia, U.S. where the English language is spoken. It is also where the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Albuquerque, in New Mexico, has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres and a land area of 575 square kilometres. It has the area code 505, 575 and the population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Alpharetta is in Georgia, U.S.A. It is part of Fulton County in Georgia, which is where Atlanta is located. The county seat of Alpharetta is Atlanta.
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the state is the location of the dish, Amarillo.
Anaheim is in California, where the leader is the California State Assembly. The language spoken in California is Spanish and the leader is the California State Assembly.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union and is the location of the total population of 523.9 square kilometres above sea level. The total area of Anderson is 268.0 SqKm.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township which is in Indiana, United States. It is the location of 16.55 square kilometres of total area.
The population of Antioch, California is 102372 and the total area of the city is 75.324 square kilometres. The city has the area code 925.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is lead by the Mayor and has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The city has the area code 609 and is where the city codes are, "609" and "Mayors of Atlantic City, New Jersey".
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. In addition, Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Auburn.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. One of the ethnic groups in the county are the African Americans and it is where Auburn is located.
Auburn is in Pierce County, Washington, U.S.A. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C.
Auburn is in the U.S.A. The capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is called Washington D.C.
San Marcos is the largest city in Austin, Texas which is part of Hays County, Texas. Austin is part of Austin, Texas.
Anaheim is in California, where Chinese is spoken and the leader is the California State Assembly. The capital city is Los Angeles and the Chinese language is also spoken there.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, in the U.S. state of Georgia. The county seat is Atlanta, and the city of Atlanta is the location of Alpharetta, which is a city in the U.S.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township which is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana isIndianapolis.
Arlington is in Texas, United States, where English is spoken. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon, United States. The capital of the state is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is African American.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City. Atlantic City is part of New Jersey and the US.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans. The leader of Albuquerque is New Mexico Senate and John Sánchez is a leader there.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is lead by the Mayor of Albuquerque, which is lead by Barack Obama. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where English is the language and Native Americans are an ethnic group. It is also where the city of Albany, in Georgia, is located.
Angola, Indiana is part of Indiana, United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. English is the language spoken in the United States and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
Jens Hartel is part of the SV Babelsberg 03 club. He has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and plays for FSV Zwickau. He is also in the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona is managed by Rolando Maran, who was born in Italy and plays for F.C. Bari 1908. He is also in the Carrarese Calcio club.
Italian born Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane and plays for Torino FC and A.C. Chievo Verona.
Antonis Milionis is chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and plays in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP league.
AFC Blackpool's manager is Stuart Parker who plays at Stockport County FC and is a member of the Conservative Party (UK). His club is the Blackpool club.
Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool where AFC Blackpool are located. They have had Stuart Parker as their manager and are based in the city of Blackpool where AFC Blackpool have their grounds.
AFC Fylde has the full name "Association Football Club Fylde" and has 3180 members. They played in the 2014 season and are based in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire.
AFC Fylde has the full name "Association Football Club Fylde" and has 3180 members. They played in the 2014 season and their ground is Bryning Lane.
Paulo Sousa, who manages ACF Fiorentina, plays for Inter Milan and Maccabi Tel Aviv FC.
AEK Athens F.C. ground is in Greece and they competed in the Superleague Greece in 2014. They have 69618 members.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax NV. The tenant of the ground is Jong Ajax.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) is known as Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and has 5000 members. Their nickname is "Joden, Godenzonen".
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem and for AFC Ajax. He manages AZ Alkmaair and plays for both Vitesse Arnhem and AFC Ajax.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league, which is based in Alagoas. The Vila Nova Futebol Clube are champions of this league.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, their home ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, their home ground is the Estadio Min
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca, their home ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Summit County, United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital city is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Peter Stoger is manager of 1. FC Koln and plays for FC Admira Wacker Modling and SK Vorwärts Steyr. He is also part of the FK Austria Wien soccer club.
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene in Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 2194.0 and 17L/35R is the runway name.
Lake Placid, N.Y. is served by Adirondack Regional Airport. This airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The runway name is 18L/36R and it is 3500 metres long.
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. It has the ATA Location Identifier of AGR and the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3990.0.
Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway name of 09R/27L with a length of 3990.0.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the bombing of Lockheed AC-130s. The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Pakistan. The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport which has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is located at -3.3528 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 2014.0 metres and a runway named 09/27 Buitenvelderbaan.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is located at -3.3528 metres above sea level. The runway name is 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan and it has a length of 2014.0.
Located in Texas, Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level and serves the city of Andrews. The runway length is 929.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the capital city is Austin. The demonym for the inhabitants of Texas is Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the capital city is Austin. English is spoken in Texas.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has its headquarters in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan. The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens. It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City, N.J. where Don Guardian is the leader. It is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, in the United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The leader of Atlantic City International Airport is Stephen Dilts.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, in Belgium where the leader is Charles Michel.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium where French is the national language. The city of Antwerp is served by Antwerp International Airport.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, Essex County, New York, United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the leader is Fuad Masum. Kurdish is spoken in Iraq.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where Haider al-Abadi is the leader. Kurdish is spoken in Iraq.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader.
Poaceae is of the order of Commelinids and belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order of Commelinids. It is the surface type of the 1st runway at Alderney airport.
Rona Fairhead is the key person at the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House in London. Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC.
Bananaman first aired on STV on 3 October 1983 and was created by Steve Bright. It was first broadcast by STV on 3 October 1983.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter. The character was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
The comic character Bolt, was created by comic book writer Gary Cohn and Puerto Rican national, Ernie Colon. He is also the alternative name for the comic character, Larry Bolatinsky.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California and is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazettes. He is the author of DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. and has 512 pages and an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader. The parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins is Wolters Kluwer.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is available in hardcover with the OCLC number 51969173. It was assigned the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in hardcover. The OCLC number of the book is 49805501 and the ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. It is published in the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where they speak English and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars is published in Hardcover and has 560 pages. It was written by Diane Duane and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, or Acta Math. Hungar., is in the academic discipline of Mathematics. The ISSN number is "0236-5294" and the LCCN number is 83646315.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated Acta Palaeontol. Pol, is in the academic discipline of paleobiology and has a LCCN number of 60040714. It has the ISSN number 0567-7920.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.. The ISSN number is 1732-2421 and the LCCN number is 60040714.
Cornell University is in the state of New York and affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities. It was previously published by Cornell University which is affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
Cornell University is in Ithaca, New York and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities. It was responsible for publishing Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir is a paperback written by Garth Nix. It has a total of 233 pages and the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. It comes from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 by the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States. It is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where English is spoken and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in English, the language spoken in Great Britain. Barack Obama is the leader of the United States and the book was written in it.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader, English is the language spoken and the United States is home to the English language.
A severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. English is the language spoken in the US and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and in 1963 was selected by NASA. He spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14, which was run by NASA. The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal, which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders (born in British Hong Kong represented by Chris Patten) was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was organized by NASA. Frank Borman was also a crew member.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a crew member on Apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963, and was a fighter pilot. He served as a crew member on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. He was awarded 20 awards, including the Apollo 11 program.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
Elliot See was an American born in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis.
William Anders was a test pilot who was selected by NASA in 1963, was a member of Apollo 8's crew and was a test pilot. He is now retired.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and is located in India. The Ganges is a river in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University of Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India and its director is Dr G P Prabhukumar. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis and it was given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The governing tennis body is the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its magistrate is the President.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala. It has 250 academic staff. Kerala's leader is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce from Lazio. It includes tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The leader of the Spaniards is the Parliament of Catalonia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malays and Bataks are ethnic groups from Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malays are an ethnic group from Sumatra.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion. Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and John Roberts is a leader. The capital city is Washington D.C.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich and has ketchup as one of the ingredients. Ketchup can be an ingredient in a bacon sandwich.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and the country is the United Kingdom. The main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment. Another alternative name for a bacon sandwich is bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is a dessert from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African American. Cookies are also a dessert.
Baked Alaska is from the United States and Paris, New York or Hong Kong. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region and is thought to originate in the United States, France or China. Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in baked Alaska.
Baked Alaska is a dish from the United States, Hong Kong and can also be found in the region of Hong Kong. The main ingredients of a Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or Christmas pudding).
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding from the Derbyshire Dales region. Fruit preserves are an ingredient in it.
Bakso is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries and also in Indonesia. The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia and originates from the country of Indonesia. The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish that originates from the Paisa region. The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish that originates from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and Gerard Larcher and François Hollande are leaders.
Batagor is found in Indonesia, it is a variation of the Siomay dish. Shiitake is an ingredient of Siomay, which is a variation of Batagor.
Philippines is the country Batchoy comes from. The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef and it also includes the ingredients, noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a soup that comes from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a dish popular nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients in beef kway teow.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the region of Singapore, where Standard Chinese is spoken and Halimah Yacob is the leader. It is also found in Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the Singapore region and Indonesia. Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in beef kway teow.
Bhajji, also known as Bhaji or bajji, comes from the Karnataka region of India. It includes vegetables.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajji and originates from the Karnataka region. Gram flour and vegetables are main ingredients in Bhajji.
Binignit is a dish from the order Solanales and contains the ingredients sago and sweet potato.
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas, Philippines. The main ingredients are coconut milk and sago.
Bionico is a dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico and contains granola.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico, it includes chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is a dessert. A cookie is also a dessert.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. Tapioca is an ingredient in bakso.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java. Baduy are an ethnic group from Java.
Zamboangans and Ilocano people are ethnic groups from the Philippines, where Philippine Spanish is spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where one of the languages spoken is Arabic. It is also where the Zamboangans and Igorot people are two of the ethnic groups.
Binignit is a dessert that comes from the Philippines. It is served as a cookie and a variation on dessert is binignit.
Sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert. It is a dish from the Philippines where English is the language spoken. Binignit is a dish from that country.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint in English. It was preceded by Ring of Fire II which is written in English and followed by Grantville Gazette II which is also available in English.
Cornell University is in Ithaca, New York and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities. It is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is the location of the Association of Public and Land grant Universities.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. The United States has an ethnic group called African Americans and is where English is spoken.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the US where English is the language spoken.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. The language of the United States is English and one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans.
A severed Wasp originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. English is spoken in Great Britain.
The Violet Keystone and Into Battle (novel) are both novels that were published in Australia. The novel Aenir was preceded by Above the Veil and Castle.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The language spoken in the US is English which is also spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. English is spoken in Great Britain and the United States is where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader, and the capital city is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The capital city is Washington D.C. Americans inhabit the U.S. and its ethnic group is African American.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States, where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). The US includes many Asian Americans, and its leader is known as the President.
Albany is part of the U.S. state of Georgia, which is lead by the President. The demonym for the inhabitants of the state is Americans. The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Alpharetta is in Georgia, U.S.A. It is the largest city in Alpharetta, which is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the U.S.
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English.
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas, United States. English is the main language spoken in Texas and the capital city is Austin.
English is spoken in Austin, part of Potter County in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the city is the location of Amarillo.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. Anderson is a township in the state which has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. Anderson is a part of Fall Creek Township and is in Indiana.
Antioch is in the Contra Costa County, California. It is part of the city of San Francisco Bay and is lead by the 11th State Assembly District. English is spoken in California.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia, has the area code 404 and is the location of 344.9 square kilometres. Atlanta has a population density of 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Attica is in the United States and is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. It is located at 167.0 metres above sea level and has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, in the United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Auburn is in Pierce County, Washington, United States. It is the location of the city of Auburn, which has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre. It is also the location of the county's metropolitan area, King County, Washington.
Austin is part of Williamson County in Texas, where English is spoken. Austin is the largest city in Austin, Texas, and the county seat of Georgetown is Williamson County.
Austin is in Hays County, Texas, where English is spoken. Houston is the largest city in Austin, Texas.
San Marcos is the largest city in Austin, Texas which is part of Hays County, Texas. Spanish is spoken in Austin and Houston is the largest.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana isIndianapolis and the language spoken is English.
Arlington is in Tarrant County, Texas, which is the largest city in Texas. Spanish is spoken in Texas and the county seat of Fort Worth is Arlington.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital city and the largest city is Fort Worth.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City. White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States and Atlantic City is also home to Atlantic City.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon in the U.S.A. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there. The capital city is Washington D.C.
Albany, Oregon is part of the U.S. which has the capital city of Washington DC. Americans inhabit the state which is also home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans.
Angola is a language spoken in the United States, where the African Americans are an ethnic group. The US is the country of origin of the demonym Americans and is where the language is English.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is Native Americans.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. One of the ethnic groups in the county are the Native Americans. The county seat isOpelika, Alabama.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, where Atlantic City is the largest city. Trenton, New Jersey is the capital of New Jersey and the largest city is Newark.
Albuquerque is in New Mexico, United States where the leader is President Barack Obama. Albuquerque is also home to English language spoken in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana, United States. The demonym for Americans in Indiana is Americans and they speak English.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. Akron is part of Summit County and is the location of the home of Akron, Ohio, the capital of which is Washington D.C.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where the leader is known as the President. Americans inhabit the state which is where Albany, Georgia is located.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County is to the southeast of Cumberland County and to the north of Carroll County, Maryland. To the north of Adams County is Frederick County and to the southwest is Cumberland County.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku, and the leader is Artur Rasizade.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turkey. Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey and the capital is Ankara. The Ataturk monument is located in Turkey.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and its director is Dr G. P. Prabhukumar. The school is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its legislature is the Chancellor. Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is called Monarchy of Denmark.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India. Kerala is lead by Kochi and the Ganges River flows through India.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussels. The School is located in Aarhus, which has to its northeast Mols.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk and was created by Steve T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane, plays for F.C. Bari 1908 and owns Vicenza Calcio. He is also in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
AFC Blackpool's manager is Stuart Parker who plays at Chesterfield FC and is affiliated with the Stockport County F.C. The club is located in Blackpool where the leader is the Labour Party (UK).
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella. The language spoken in the country is Italian and the league champions are S.S. Robur Siena.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi and is the home ground of AEK Athens FC. The club have been managed by Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F.C.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is the leader, the capital city is Rome and Italian is the language spoken.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital city is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. The official language of the country is Italian and the people that live there are known as Italians.
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The currency is the Indonesian rupiah.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra and Malay Peninsula. Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups from Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra and Malay Peninsula. Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia and the capital city is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, the capital of which is Kuala Lumpur. Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia and the capital city is the Chinese city.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula of Malaysia. Malaysian Indian and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups from Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang.
Bacon and sausage are the main ingredients in a Bacon Explosion, which is from the Kansas City metropolitan area, in the United States.
Paul Ryan is a leader in the United States, where English is the language spoken. The country is the location of the Bacon Explosion. White Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
The main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It can also be known as a BLT and variations include the BLT and a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is from France, where Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher are leaders. The dish is also found in Hong Kong, where French is spoken.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department in Colombia. One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon which is part of the rutaceae family.
Barny Cakes, which are made of sponge cake, are from France where Gerard Larcher and François Hollande are leaders.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where Batagor is found. Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish which contains peanut sauce.
Batagor is found in Indonesia, where the leader is Joko Widodo. It is a variation of the Siomay dish, which is made up of Shiitake.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish. It is found in Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajji and originates from the Karnataka region of India. Bhajji is made with vegetables and gram flour.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The leaders of India are T. S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala. Indians are known as Indians.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The name of the leader in India is T. S. Thakur and the Indian people are known as Indians.
Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara, Mexico. Sour cream and chopped fruits are main ingredients in Bionico. It is served as a dessert course and can be found in Mexico.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico. Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader in Mexico, where Spanish is spoken and honey can be found.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. Honey can be used as a variation in Bionico.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The leader of the country is Carles Puigdemont and the country is home to Spaniards.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce. The capital of Italy is Rome and the leader is Matteo Renzi. The language spoken in Italy is Italian.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce. It is from Italy, where Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders, the capital is Rome and the people that live there are called Italians.
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy, where Rome is the capital and Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish. The language spoken in Italy is Italian.
Ayam penyet is a dish that is popular nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are chicken and fried chicken. It is a dish that can be found in Java. The Javanese people are an ethnic group of Java.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where Tony Tan is the leader. Ayam penyet is also found in Java, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group.
Philippine Spanish is spoken in the Philippines where batchoy is eaten and one of the ethnic groups is the Zamboangans. Another dish is Philippine Arabic and one of the languages used is Philippine Spanish.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, Spain, where the leader is Susana Diaz. Spaniards are the ethnic group there.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain, where the leader is Felipe VI of Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia.
American test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was a member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
American William Anders was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8 under commander Frank Borman. Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a US national.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was an American fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA and is now retired. William Anders was a backup pilot on the Apollo 11 mission.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 and is now retired. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA and William Anders was a backup pilot.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA operated Apollo 14 who died in California. Dianne Feinstein is a senator in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, United States. He was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. He died in California.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a fighter pilot before he retired on September 1st, 1969. He was a US citizen.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the language is Faroese. Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark region.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE and is located 610 metres above sea level in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The runway name is 14L/32R and it has a length of 4100.
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The airport is 167.94 metres above sea level and has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG. The runway is 1818 in length.
Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3990.0.
Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The Airbase has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA and the runway name 08/26, which is 3992.88 long.
The United States Air Force, which was involved in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya, operates the Al Asad airbase. The USAF also operates the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the Operation Enduring Freedom. The USAF has several types of aircraft such as the Lockheed AC-130, the Lockheed C-130 Hercules and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft.
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport has a runway length of 3310.0 and 18L/36R is the runway name.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. The airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport has a runway length of 2900.0 metres and 18R/36L is the runway name.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena, Michigan, United States. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1,533 metres.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena, Michigan and is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The airport has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above sea level.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves Alpena, Michigan and is located at Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. The airport serves Alpena, Michigan and is 210 metres above sea level.
Angola International Airport is 159 metres above sea level and serves the city of Luanda. The runway at Angola International Airport is named 05L/23R and is 3800.0 in length.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, in Greece where Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders. Greek is spoken in the country.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, in Greece where two of the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. Greek is spoken in the country.
Atlantic City International Airport serves Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States. The city is lead by Don Guardian and is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium, where the leader is Phillipe of Belgium. The capital of Belgium is Brussels.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. Its ICAO location identifier is KACY.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, part of Harrietstown, New York, United States. The city of Lake Placid is part of Harrietstown and is part of New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, Essex County, New York, United States. The city of Lake Placid is part of Harrietstown, New York and is part of Essex County, New York.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The Indian Air Force has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the HAL Light Combat Helicopter. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force.
Ram Naik is the leader in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where Haider Al-Abadi and Fuad Masum are leaders. Fallujah is in Iraq.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. It was completed in 1985.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has a Postmodern style of architecture. It was started in January 2014 and has 12 floors with an area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is a leader in Chicago, Illinois, which is part of the U.S.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The AC Hotel Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen, Denmark and is a tenant of Marriott International Hotel.
AC Hotel Bella Sky is in Copenhagen, Denmark and Bill Marriott is the key person for the company. The country uses the Greenlandic language and is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. The tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC. Greenlandic is one of the languages spoken in Denmark.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland, where the leader is Enda Kenny. The architect of Adare Manor is Augustus Pugin, who was born in Bloomsbury.
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964 and is 42 metres high. It is located on 140000.0 (square metres) and is owned by the Government of Addis Ababa.
The address of the Akita Museum of Art is Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. It has 3 floors and 3 floors with the Akita Museum of Art being located in the city of Akita, Japan.
The Chinese are an ethnic group in Japan where the leader is Tarō Asō. The country is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia, United States. The Hall was designed by the architect Robert A M Stern and is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India. Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the country is home to the Ampara Hospital.
Ampara Hospital is in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, which is governed by the Eastern Provincial Council. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed many significant buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, the Asilomar State Beach and Hearst Castle.
San Francisco born architect Julia Morgan designed the grounds of Asilomar Conference as well as the significant buildings of Riverside Art Museum and Asilomar State Beach.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. Manhattan is part of New Netherland and Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, where the postcode area is 'B'. Labour politician, John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham, where Labour politician, John Madin, was born.
The President is the leader of the United States where John Roberts is the Chief Justice. The capital city is Washington DC and the leader is President Barack Obama.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. The monument was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County is east of Franklin County and south of Cumberland County. To the west is Franklin County and to the north is Carroll County, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is made of red granite and white marble. The memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital city is Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan is made from red granite and white marble and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The native name for the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of Historic districts in the United States.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and a member of the crew of Apollo 11. He spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire, and died in California. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14, which was run by NASA. The United States Navy awarded the Distinguished Service Medal to Alan Shepard, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Bean was born on June 1, 1981. He was a member of the Apollo 12 crew and was commanded by David Scott. Alfred Worden was the backup pilot and he retired in June 1981.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a fighter pilot. He was a crew member on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 11 mission along with William Anders as backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was an American fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA and was a member of Apollo 11's backup pilot. William Anders was a back up pilot on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11. He was selected by NASA in 1963.
Alan Shepard was a distinguished service member of the United States Navy who died in California. He was born in California and was awarded the United States Navy Distinguished Service Medal which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. Anders was a fighter pilot and crew member on Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 with Buzz Aldrin as backup pilot. Apollo 8 was operated by NASA and Frank Borman was a crew member.
William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA and Frank Borman was a backup pilot. William Anders is now retired.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 100 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated to the European University Association in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its religion is the Church of Denmark. Denmark's leader is called Monarchy of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. The dean of the School is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India was established in 2001. Kerala is lead by Kochi and the largest city is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in India.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest; its anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. The country's ethnic group is Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara, and the largest city is Istanbul. The country's currency is the Turkish lira, and the leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk Monument, which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The bronze Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and is located in İzmir, Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara. The monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in bronze.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turkey. The capital city is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The currency is the Turkish lira and the currency is the Turkish lira. The Ataturk monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta and it has 100 academic staff. Switzerland's leader is the Federal Chancellor.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar. The Institute was established in 2000 and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai, Karnataka state. It was given the "Technical Campus" status by the All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai. Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its legislature is the Magistrate. Denmark has a monarchy and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. Denmark has the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 16,000 students and its dean is Thomas Pallesen. The latin name is "Universitas Aarhusiensis" and it is affiliated to the European University Association.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He worked as a test pilot and was a member of Apollo 12. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a test pilot before passing away in California.
Alan Bean was an American born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and was a member of Apollo 12 which was run by NASA. Alfred Worden was the backup pilot and David Scott was the commander.
Buzz Aldrin was born on Jan 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11, which was organized by NASA. He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew. Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was born on Jan 20, 1930.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a member of Apollo 11 and has since retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. He was a member of Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. Aldrin is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a doctorate in Science. He was a crew member of Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot on the Apollo 11 mission.
William Anders was born on October 17, 1933 in British Hong Kong. He was a US citizen and was a fighter pilot. He retired on September 1, 1969.
American William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA. He was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st, 1969. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on the Apollo 8 mission.
William Anders was born on October 17, 1933 in British Hong Kong. He was a fighter pilot and member of Apollo 8, which was organized by NASA in 1963. He spent 8820 minutes in space. Anders retired on September 1, 1969.
A purple heart is a winner at the purple heart competition.
The Battle of Mine Run is a battle of battles involving the soldiers of the army of California.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub is in Office while the President is Tuanku Bujang Tuwan.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is part of the party "Parti Bumiputera Sarawak".
Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib is a leader in the city of Abdul Taib.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was active for 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in the state of Niger.
Abner W. S. was a member of the crew of Abner W.S. in the year 1963.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
The birth place of Adam Holloway is Essex.
Gravesend is the residence of Adnan Holloway.
Adenan Satem is a student at University of Adelaide.
Adolf Schärt was born in Minsk.
Antonis Samaras is the Prime Minister of Adonis Georgiadis.
Adonis Georgiadis is the official office of the Adonis Georgiadis who worked as a "Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping".
Agnes Kant was born in Hesssch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave was active for 1955-06-30.
Airey Neave has won the award, the official motto of the Airey Neave is "Airey Neave".
Airey Neave was born in Knightbridge, London.
Airey Neave is a member of the ranks of theLieutenant colonel.
The service start of Airey Neave was in 1955.
Albert B. White is a member of the United States Party.
Agnes White's full name is Albert B White.
Albert Jennings Fountain is a political subdivision of the Union Army.
The nationality of Adolfo Teisaire is the Colombian national.
Alberto Teisaire is a member of the Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred was a member of the crew of the Alfredo Scales beginning in 1865-03-04.
Alfred Moore Scales was a battlesman in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Danbury, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips is the mayor of Stamford, which is where he worked at the Associazione Calcio.
Allan Shivers was born on January 21st, 1987.
Allan Shivers was a United States Army member.
Allan Shivers was a winner of the Pennsylvania lottery.
Alvah Sabin was active for 1853-03-04.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the United States party.
The commander of the American Civil War was Robert E. Lee.
The language spoken in Austria is the German.
Robert E. Lee is the commander of Battle of Antietam.
The Battle of cold Harbor is part of the American Civil War.
The leader of Buenos Aires isGabriela Michetti.
Colin Powell is a political leader in the United States of America.
Dwight D. Eilperin was the conde d of John F. Kennedy.
The Alma Mater of Josef Klaus is the University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain was the conde d of Francisco Franco.
The Labour Party (Argina) is the party of the Colombian people.
Netherlands leader is Mark Rutte.
The United States Army fought battles in the Spanish–American War.
William M. O.Dawg was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
1955 Dodge is also known as "DodgeCoronet".
The 1955 Dodge is made from cubic feet.
A-Rosa Luna was nicknamed "Christian".
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAstella was titled 2013-03-16.
AIDAstella was completed on 2013-03-11.
AIDAstella was last year's recipient of the doctoral grant from the university of physics.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The Alv X-1 is a transport aircraft in the Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
American Motors Matador is also known as AMC Matador.
The status of the Aara Veilicinco de Mayo (V-2) is "Sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948".
Abarth 100 GT Coupé is a transport aircraft in the Boeing B-17.
The Honda K is the main engine of the ACura TLX.
The Aventus TLX is a transportable mobility system in the Aventus.
The Aventus Treadmill is related to the lengthening of the Haute Accords.
The 9-speed ZF 9PZ automatic is operated by ACura TLX.
The Arese are the Assembly of Alfa Romeo 164.
Thelfa Romeo is related to the Manual Of Transponders and is a transport plane.
Thelfa Romeo 159 is a 4-speed automatic transport aircraft and the crew member is called Alfredo Rodriguez.
The Alhambra is a transport hub for the Ramshill family.
Alhambra is 8.3 m above sea level.
Alhambra status is "Wrecked".
Alhambra's Top Speed is 18.52.
Alvis Speed 25 is a transport plane.
The first time a person was born on the Mississippi was in 1927.
The American submarine, the 4.6 m long, is considered a transport mission by the U.S.
Antares (rocket) was finalised on 2014-10
Antares (rocket) is located at the Manhattan Regional Spaceport.
Argentina's leader isGabriela Michetti.
The Guiana Space Centre is the location of the Lockheed 5 mission.
The Lockheed 5 was a test pilot in the USAF on August 11, 2005.
Aston Martin V8 is made of the same type as the runway at St. Andrews.
Aston Martin V8 is a transportable 896.
Aston Martin is the distributor of the patron saint of transport, Aston Mavers.
The final flight of Atlas II was 1998-03-16.
Atlas II is located at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The company that founded the company that provided the TV series, "Audi." was August Horch.
The A1 is the Assembly of theAudi A1.
The Seat Ibiza is related to the Manual of Transportation of the Cari A1.
Caterpillar is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The costa cubris is in Genoa.
Chrysler Newport is related to the Manual Of Transponders.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Manual Of Transportation.
Germans is the nationalonym for Germans.
The leader of Berlin is Adolf Lammert.
Stanislaw Tillich is a leader in the country of Greece.
Gruppo Bertone is founded by Giovanni Bertone.
Guiana Space Centre's headquarter is Kourou, French Guiana.
The Honda K is a transportable Honda K.
The United States is the country of Anthem.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the food, vegetables and home to the dish, Native Americans.
Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan.
Born in the United States, he is a player in the Associazione Calcio.
The manager of the Athwarts footballer,Aaron Hunt, is SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández is in the U.S. Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. national football team.
Abner (footballer) was born in Brazil.
The birth place of ADAM Maher is Diemen.
The birth place of Adam Maher is Netherland.
The Netherlands national under-17 football team is playing in the Amsterdam Youth Soccer Association.
The footballer who was at PSV Eindhoven is Adam Maher.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in the town of Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent was once a member of the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays at the Cumberland Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatari stars league.
Al-Zawra'a SC is managed byBasim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is situated at the Qatari stars league.
Alaya Abdul-Zahra was born in Baniy
Alaya Abdul-Zahra is in Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Alan Martino plays at the Hamilton Academial F.C.
Alan Martins (footballer) plays for the Scotland national under-19 football team.
Born on the 2nd of September 1995, was a member of the Olympic ice club.
The 6'0, 205-pounder, is from the Seminoles club.
The height of Aksander Barkov, Jr. is 1.925.
The National Hockey League has a player called Karl Barkov, Jr.
Born on the 24th of February, 1988, he was born on the 24th of February, 1988.
The manager of the Athlete is Igor Prudnikov.
Born in Batumi, Adolfo
The footballer, Alexis Gurs
The Georgia national under-21 football team is playing in the Olympic Stadium.
A.S. Roma's A.S. Romagnoli is in the A.S. Roma club.
A.S. Roma's Youth Club is called A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus is in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The Atlanta Falcons are based in Atlanta.
Boston Bruins General manager Don Sweeney is attached to the club.
Budapest is located in the country of Hungary.
The English language is spoken in the country of origin.
The country where the spoken language is the SLavey language is the United States.
Columbus Blue Jackets are based in Ohio.
Oleh Luzhny manages the FC Karpaty Lviv.
The manager of FC Torpedo is Valery Pietrakov.
The chairman of Ferencvárosi TC is Garcy Kubatov.
The language of the country of Denmark is the Finnish language.
Daniele Zoratto is the manager of Italy's under-16 football team.
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. is operated by Zvi Shf.
The home ground of Maidenwell FC is Fir Park.
Olympique Lyonnais is owned by Jean-Michel Aulas.
St. Louis is the city where St Louis Rams football team is based.
The city of Washburn is the location of the Olympic Stadium in Torino, Texas.
The active year of Aaron Bertram is 1998.
The band/ associated Musica/ is associated with the Deadmau5.
The record, "The Dead Man's
Avant-garde Metal is a genre found in the genre of Avant-garde.
The genre of Progressive Metal is concerned with the genre of Progressive Metal.
Abradab is a sola player.
Abradab was born on the 12th of November, 1978.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab is a genre of HipHop.
Agustin Barboza is in the Guarania genre.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is in the genre of rock concerts.
Albennie Jones, associated with the band, Sons of
The sola tasha is a sola tasha.
Born in Yugoslavia, was the designer of the Adolfo Kovač.
The genre of the writer of 'The Romance of the Daleksviksviks' is 'Rythm and blues'.
The genre of the genre of theSoul concerts is the genre of theSoul concerts.
Alex Day is a genre in the genre of ThPop.
The associated band/asociale/an associated with Alfredo Zitarrosa is "Héctor Numa Moraes".
The birth place of Alfredo Zitarrosa is Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruka.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is part of the RCA Records organization.
Alison O'Donnell was a student at Stanford University.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the genre of Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell's voice, bodherrán, percussion, and autoharp are in the same concert.
Born on the fourth of April 1981, he was born on the fourth of April.
The genre of rocker is the genre of commerce.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
The associated band/the Musician is Anders Osborne.
Anders Osborne is a genre in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Alligator Records is their full name.
The genre of Andra is the rythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel was a student at Stanford University.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the Christian Burns Band.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew White, a Musician, was associated with the Band/ associated Musician.
Andrew White performed as a Musician and has B-Unique Records as his resume.
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
Christian Burns is the director of the band, Guitar.
The genre of Gangsta rap is gangsta.
Hip hop is the originator of the genre of rock.
Indie rock is made from the New Wave genre.
Greater Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
The location of the Orthogonal Records is London.
The distributor of the Distributing company isSony Music Entertainment.
Rock androll originated from the Waltshnks.
Pop music originates from the genre of Stylistic.
British people live in the United Kingdom.
The density of the 19,253-tonne body, which is 2.0 grams per cubic metre, is 2.0.
The late Dr. William
The total height of the 21077.7 meteron body is 22.1 meters.
The Gregory Pincher is the Gregory Pincher of 21077 Folsom.
The primary body of 61063 is the Apollo and it has a total area of 699063.
The EPoch was a part of the 1998-11-04 season.
The 100ft-long, 2000 Piazzia is 0.0253 metres per second in space.
The former name of 1001 Georgiaussia is "1923 OAA907 XC".
The total surface area of the 1001gausset is 167.0 (kelvins).
The 101 Heliocles Metapis is 441092000.0 metres.
The EPoch was born on the first of January, 2007.
The 101 Heliocles body is 3.0 meters long.
The 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 metres per second and its body is made of 16.86 metres long.
The total height of 103 meters is 7.66 meters.
The body of 103.6 Hera is 7.9 grams.
The total height of 107 Camilla is 7.08.
A. Storrs is the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
A894 VD is the former name of Apollo 1089 Tama.
The length of the 1202.846 (days) is 1089 Tama.
The 1097 Vicia is 17.92 metres per second and its body is a machinery called a machinery of 1097 Vicia.
The EPoch was a part of the 1998-12-31 season.
The 1097 Vicia is operated by the Carleton Body.
The creator of the 108 Felicitas is Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
The total number of organs periapis is 283326000000.0.
The 10-yagga is at a 16.76 (Kiloger Per second) longitude.
The total area of 1101 Cotis is 4,45895000000.
The EPoch was a part of the population of 110 Lydia on the 1st of January, 2007.
The 11264 Claudiomaccone is at a temperature of173.0 (kelvins).
James Craig Watson's almaMater is University of Michigan.
N. R. Pogson was born in nottingham.
The Purple Heart, a type of award, is awarded to the fighter who fought in battles at the Battle of Fredericksburg.
A battle involving the Purple Heart, which is a medal awarded to a hero, took place in Gettysburg.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a leader in the Abdul Taib Mahmud community and was a key player in the Abu Musalla bombing.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a political leader in Sarawak where the leader is the Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was born in Minne, graduated from the Technical Institute, Kada, with a M.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, born in Niger State, is the Chief of the Defence Staff of the country.
Al-Amin Daggash is the leader of Ethiopia where Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was once a leader, is the Chief of the Defence Staff.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was active for 1999-05-29, is now dead.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is in Office while the President is Visiting. Its alternative is Oliveruse Guner.
Abner W. S.ibal was a fighter pilot and commander of the World War II commanded by the President.
Abner W. S. is a political leader in the United States Army which fought battles in the Korean war.
The birth place of Alan Holloway is Essex, he graduated from the Magdalene College, Cambray.
The address of the home of Alan Holloway is Gravesend.
The Virtuto Militari award winner, played battles in the World War I.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and is the editor of the popular conservative rally book, "Adonis Georgiadis.".
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, he is a political leader in Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and is the editor of the popular conservative r Rally. He is now retired.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Newendorf and is the political leader of the Agnes Lokomnacy.
Airey Neave, who has the award 'The Battle Cross', has a company called the The Battle Force.
Airey Neave, who was a fighter in the Battle of France, began working for NASA in 1974.
Airey Neave was a fighter in the Battle of France, which was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II.
Airey Neave was a fighter pilot who was a member of the World War II commando Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Airey Neave was a fighter pilot who was a member of the World War II commando's crew.
Albert B. White was born on 18th September, 1862 and died in November 1961.
Albert B. White was born in 1857 on the 22nd of September, 1955.
Albert, a political leader in New York City, died in New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain, which was inaugurated in New Mexico, is in the office of PresidentEdmund J. Davenport.
The United States political party Albert, Jr. was born in New York City.
Alberto Teisaire, who was elevated to the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate, worked as a "Provisional President of the Argentine Senate". He is now deceased.
The birth place of Alfredons GORbach is Austria-Hungary.
The birth place of Alfredons Gorbach is Australe, in the state of Trol.
Alfred Moore Scales, who was hired by James W. Reid as a political advisor, was hired by the North Carolinians and is located at the governor's office.
Alfred Moore Scales was a student at the School of Public
Alfred N. Phillips, who was born in the United States, is the United States House of Representatives official advisor.
The United States Army fought battles in the United States Civil War and is the country Alfred N. Phillips is a political leader.
Allan Shivers was a battlesuit fighter who was a member of the World War II commando's crew.
Allan Shivers, who was born in Lufkin, Texas, is a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4.
Allan Shivers, who was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4, worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4. Ben Ramsey is a former member.
Alvah Sabin was born on October 23, 1923, and was a member of the State Department of the State of Vermont.
Agnes Kant is from the country of Denmark where the currency is the euro.
Agnes Kant is a leader in the country of Denmark where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States.
Born in Saskatoon, Boogaard has represented the Wasp River club.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva manages the Abel Hernández club and plays for Peñarol.
Abel Hernándz is a player in the U.S. Cittá di Palermo and plays for both the club SSD Palermo and the Peñarol club.
The Netherlands national under-17 football team played in the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
The Netherlands national under-17 football team competed in the 2014 season and played for the PSV Eindhoven club.
Ahm Kadhim is a player in the Al shorta SC club and plays for both the club Silenced By The Law and the club Ahm Kadhim Assad.
Akeem Adams is in the Ferencvárosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams, who plays at the Trinidad and Tobago national football team, is affiliated with Trinidad and Tobago national football team.
Akeem Ayers, who was once a member of the New England Patriots, was picked to play for the New England Prod.
Akeem Ayers, who was once a member of the Tennessee Titans, is now retired.
Akeem Dent was born on the 27th of September 1987.
Akeem Priestley plays at the Shepherds Arena in the state of Connecticut and is affiliated with the Shepherds Foundation.
Akeem Priestley plays at the Shepherds Arena and is attached to the club Shepherds FC.
Al-Khor Sports Club is located in Al-Khor, and Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club.
Al Kharaitiyat SC, managed by Amar Osim, is located in Al Kharaitay SC.
Alan Martins, who plays for the Leeds United F.C. and the Cornwall club, is attached to the club The University of Leeds.
Alan Martins (footballer) plays at the New Douglas Park and is affiliated with theHamilton Academial F.C.
Born on the 2nd of September 1995, was a member of the Seminoles football club and was a player for the Gators.
Born inTampere, Finland, is the manager of the Seminoles Bakou club.
The manager of the Athlete, Igor Chumakov, is Valery Petrakov.
The 23 year old, is in the FC Spartak organization and plays for the FC Krasnodar club.
The FC Tom Tomsk play in the Igor Prudnikov league, the league that includes the league of FK Tom Tomsk.
The FC Karpaty Lviv player is also in the club FC Karpaty Lviv and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1988.
Alex was born on the 08th of August 1988 and is in the Pallapanestro Cantù club.
Alex is a Turkish Basketball Super League player who plays at Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.
Brandon, Manitoba is led by the Conservative Party of the country and was born in Brandon, Manitoba.
The birth place of Australian footballer, Adam Mcquaid is in the country of Australia.
English is the language spoken in the country of Denmark where the Adolfo Schembrend was born.
FC Turkogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluogluoglu
The ground of FC Spartak in Izykrytiye Arena is called the Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Priestley is in the RoPS league where they compete in the championship season.
Akeem Adams is a United Proton club player who is the home ground of United Proton.
Guitar is one of the genre's notable features.
The origin of the American, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-born, Wisconsin-
The band/ associated Musica or EP include the following: Appleton, Appleton, and the band/ associated band/ associated Musica or EP are both
Singing is a genre in Avant-garde Metal.
The associated band/ associated Musician/ Musician Magik (rapper) is known as Abradab.
Abradab was born on November 12, 1978 in the city of Kato.
Abradab was born in Poland and is based in the country.
Ace Wolfer is a genre in the genre of HipHop and was influenced by the genre of Addiction.
Ace Wolfer, who is the backup vocals for Ace Wolfer, was born in the band Warner Music Group.
Born in Paragay, Agustin Barboza, has the disc called Philipines Records.
Alan Frew is in the genre of rock and the main genre is rock.
Alan Frew is from the Country of Italy and he uses rock as his genre.
Albennie Jones is a member of the BLues genre and was influenced by the genre of Jazz.
The "solo anthem" of "The Paleontologia Kovač" is from the genre of Pop music.
The genre of the genre of the romances is the genre of the blues and it originates from the country of origin of Alexis Kovač.
The genre of the genre of theSoul, which started in the year 2000, is the Psalter.
Alex Day is a genre of the genre of ThPop and the genre originates from New Zealand.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
The "solo singer" of "Alfredo Zitarrosa" is "Alfredo Zitarrosa", he is from the genre of milkras.
The "solo singer" Alfredo Zitarrosa is a character in "Alfredo Zitarrosa", a tributary genre.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruka and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, born in Montevideo, died in U.S.
The "Alfredo Zitarrosa" is a Zambiano style piece that isoloidered as a genre piece.
Alison O'Donnell, associated with the band Vajik, and associated with the Musical Artists Association, is known for playing the part of the Band/Band.
Alison O'Donnell, who is in the genre of Folsom rock, is a member of the Floating World Records crew.
Alison O'Donnell, who is in the genre of Jazz, uses the voice, bodherrán, percussion, andautoharp.
The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup vocals for "The backup
Andrew White is the creator of the genre of alternative rock and is a genre that is considered Christian alternative rock.
Phil Lesh and Friends is associated with the band Anders Osborn and plays the associated Muscafted Band.
The Rabadash Records company is the distributor of the film Anders Osborn which is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
The Anders Osborne, who has the title of "Rythm and blues leader", is in the genre of Rhythm and it's hard to
The Andra (singer) genre is Pop and began in 2000.
The genre of Andra and the blues is the genre of architecture and the writer is Graeme Roberts.
Andrew Rayel, associated with the band/affiliated Musician, Christian Mendelsohn, is a noted Musician.
Andrew Rayel, associated with the band/ associated Musical Artists, Mark 6ma, and performed as a Musician, is known as the Andrew Ramel.
Andrew Rayel, associated with the band Armin van Buuren, and the associated Musa/Band/Association, is known for playing the part of Jwaydan Moyine.
Andrew White is a member of the New Zealand alternative rock genre and is also the creator of the genre known as alternative rock.
Al Anderson (RBQ band) is in the genre of Country music.
Andrew White is the Musician who wrote the book "Polydor."
The (1955) Kelvin Body is 0.0925 metres above the sea level and has a runaway, 6003633000.0 (lper second).
The 210.0 (kelvin) and 270.0 (lm) pages of the 2009 FD are both 404 pages long.
Spacewatch was the first dish that was picked to be found on the 40477 page of 308 Folsom.
The 2014-11-04, EPoch, is 0.099 meters per second and has a runaway velocity of 0.99999 meters.
The Apollo Body is 696KWH and the its perihelion is 16244700.0.
The 6939 KW4 is a paleontological body and was operated by the NASA operated Apollo 17.
The deceased person of James C. Watson, who was a discoverer of 101 Helena, was perforated by the kidney stone of James C.
The typical length of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 metres and it has a length of 1,219.
The birth place of Walters Bakade is Berliner's Emperor.
The nationality of the German national, Walters Bakken, is 1036 Ganymed.
103 Hera was found to have been created by James C. Watson, who died in peritonitis.
103 Minutia was created by James C. Watson, a national of the United States who is a member of the 103 Minutia crew.
The birth place of N. R. Pogson is nottingham but he was born innottingham.
The 1089 Tama, which is now called A919 HA; 1927 WB, was once called "A919 HA".
The 1089 Tama is at a temperature of 179.0 Kelvin and has a cap of 373513000.0 (Km).
The 1097 Vicia periapis is a nice little periapis. The 142000000.0 is the surface area of the chalice.
The body of 108 Felicitas is 170.0 (kelvins) metres above sea level and has 523329000.0 (majl).
The 69 Felicitas is a body that was compressed onto the 783326000000.0 meters long and the chirp was 2833268009.
The 69 Felicitas is a flowering plant and it was a 47,573.6 long time since it was first published.
The 10-ygene, which is made of 523951582.3368 (kelvins), is at a temperature of 167.0 C.
A900 GA, or "A900 GAG", was formerly called A900 GAG.
The largest body in the known universe, 110 Loma, has a total area of 6.7 kilometres.
The Apollo body has a total of 142603000.0 meters long and was passed by Phillippine on June 1st, 2007.
A-Rosa Luna is a 125800.0 (millimetre) longship classed as aCruise Ship.
A-Rosa Luna, which is 125800 metres long, is a transport aircraft order of the University of Texas at Austin.
AIDAstella is located in the country of Bavaria and the operator is AIDAstella.
AIDAluna is located in Rostock and the operator is AIDAluna.
AIDAluna has a Top Speed of 4000.744 metres and a length of 252000.0 metres.
AIDAstella, which has a length of 253260.0 (millimetres), was titled 2013-03-16.
The Alco RS-3, built in Switzerland, has a type of transport known as a Diesel-electric transmission.
The 2nd of November,
The 1974 AMC Matador, with a KW isambre, is found in Wisconsin.
The Apollo Matador was designed by the company Chrysler and is located at Apollo Matador.
The length of the AGRICAVeinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 metres. It is located in the country of Argerina.
The Alfa Romeo is a transportable saab 9000 which is related to Manual Of transport.
The Italian company Alfreda Romeo Asterio has the related nickname of "Fiat Croma".
Thelfa Romeo is a transportable Italian sausage which is related to Lancia Thema.
Alvis Car and Engineering company is located in Cleveland and they make use of the Alvi Speed 25.
Alvi's 4,388.0 (cubicCentimetres) is the length of the 4,388.0 (cubicCentimetre) and the 4,388.0 (cubicCentimetre) is the length of the 4,388.0 (cubicCentimetre). The 4,388.0 (cubicCentimetre) is operated by a 4,388.0 (c
Alvi Speed 25 is a transportable
American Motors, which was founded by Eagle, is the alternative to Eagle for the American Mopar.
Antares (rocket) is a 2014-01-09 mission from the NASA-operated Antarecipso.
The leader of the country of Argina is Gabriella Machetti and the country is the location of the Aventus Transporio de Mayo.
The Lockheed-operated Aircafted 5 is located at ElA-3 and was designed by the Lockheed-operated Aircafted company.
The parent company of Airbus Defence and Space is Airbus Group. The aircraft, which was produced by Airbus Group, is called AZ5.
Aston Martins V8 is related to the United Kingdom by way of transport, Aton Martins V8 is a transport plane and 1 of the related mater of transport is Aton Martins V8.
Aston Martin V8, which was produced by Aton Mart, is a transportable 896 V8.
Aston Martins V8 is related to Aton Martins V8 and was completed in a similar way to Aton Martins V8.
Aston Martin V8, which was produced by the Lockheed-operated Atonn Mart, is a sequel to A Mart.
The final flight of Atalus II, which has a length of 3.04 m, was 1998-03-16.
Lockheed Martin is the distributor of Ataturk II, a transport aircraft, which was built at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The distributor of the A1 is theAudi A1 which is in the division of the Tron and is made of audi.
The subsidiary of the Lucentered company, Ducati, is the Department of Transportation.
The subsidiary of the Trusted Car company is theAudi A1 which is produced by the company Sch
AIDAluna is a key person at AIDAlunter, where the Caterpillar is located. It is also where Douglas R. Oberhelman, a key person at AIDAlunter, performed the key.
Antares (rocket) is a transport plane found in the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The leader of the country of Denmark isJuha Sipilä and the icebreaker is called Kelvin Sipilä.
The parent company of General Dynamics, the American submarine, is General Dynamics International.
A-Rosa Luna is the owner of A-Rosa Loma and uses the type of transport known as a MTurk.
Aston Mahe V8 is a United Kingdom Assembly member, where Elizabeth II is the leader.
Born in Massachusetts, he won the Purple Heart. He has also fought in battles at the Gettysburg and Gettysburg.
Ab Klink, a Christian Democratic Appeal member, was born in the Netherlands and is a member of the Erasmus University Rotterdam.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, a leader in Sarawak, was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He is the sequel to Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a political leader in Sarawak, Kingdom of Sarawak. He was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. The leader of Sarawak is Barisan Ra'ayat Jettiti.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in the state of Niger and is the alma mater of the Technical Institute, Kaduna. He is the Chief of the Defence Staff of the country.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is a political leader in the country of Fuerza Blanco. He is the backup to the National Air Force and is the commander of the African Air Force.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is a political leader in the African National Army. He is the backup to the commander of the African National Army. He was once a leader in the African National Army.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, in Spain. He is a member of the Congress of Deputies and worked as a member of the legislature.
Abel Caballero was born in Spain, where the Spanish Socialists were the leading party. He is a political leader in Spain.
Abner W. S. was a fighter pilot who was commanded by the United States Army, who fought in the war on the Korean peninsula. The United States Army has a branch in Abner W. S.
Abner W. S. is the Democratic Party's representative in the United States Senate from the 27th District. He was born in Riverside, New York and worked as a member of the legislature.
Grenadier Guardsmen are the soldiers of the Grenadius Army which is commanded by George H. W. Bush. The commander of the army is George H. W. W.
The Conservative Party of the UK are the main political party of the birth place of Alan Holloway, who is from Faversham.
The commander of the Polish–Shiichnysk army was the commander, and the birth place of the American, Jacob Koc.
The commander of the Polish–Shiichukrich warring party is Leon Trotsky. It is also where the commander of the Polish–Shiichukrich warring party is Adolf Koc.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, was a political leader in Greece and was hired by the popular conservative rally organisation, the Adonis Georgiadis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, and is the official address of the Minster for the Public
The Prime Minister is the official politician of Adonis Georgiadis, the party that is currently the location of the blue ribbon organisation of the New Democracy (Greece).
Agnes Lokom is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. The country is the location of the Office of the Representatives and the home of the Agnes Lokom.
Agnes Lokom is a Social Democratic Party (Netherland) party member of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant was born in the West German city of Radboud and is the editor of Agnes Gazette. He is a member of the House of Representatives and worked as a member of the House of Representatives.
Airey Neave was born in 1955 and served as a fighter pilot before retiring on July 30, 1974.
Airey Neave, who was born in 1974, fought in the World War II and retired on 1974-03-30.
Albert B. White was born on 18th September, 1862 and died on 23rd July, 2011.
The late Agnes White, who was born in Marietta, Ohio, was a recipient of the William M. O. Doodles grant.
Albert, a native of the United States, was born in the city ofStaten, in the United States. He died in the US.
Albert, born in New York City, died in New Mexico.
Albert, born in New York, died in United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where the governing body is the City of Luas and the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and is a member of the Revered Admiral crew. He is a former member of the crew of Apollo 11.
The birth place of Alfredons Gorbach is Austria. He died in Gazanistan.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in the United States and is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district. He is now retired.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Danbury, and was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district. He is now retired.
Allan Shivers, who was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4, worked as a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4, The Party.
Alvah Sabin, who was born in Vermont, began working for the city of Burlington in 1957 and retired on March 3rd, 1998.
Alvah Sabin was born on October 23, 1923, in the United States, where the leader is known as the President. He is a member of the White House Theological Party.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, and is a member of the United States, where the leader is Daniel Webster. He is a political leader in the United States.
The American Civil War was fought in the United States, where Albert was born. The Fountain was established in 1862.
The commander of the American Civil War was Alfred M. Davis. He was a political prisoner of war who was a political prisoner of war.
Alfons Gorbach was born in County of Tyrol and died in Austria. The leader of the country is Boris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol, where the leader is Boris Bures. He died in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach is the leader of Austria where the leader is Diane Bures. He died in Stuttr.
Robert E. Lee is the commander of Battle of Salem Church which is part of the American Civil War. One of the battles of the Church was the American Civil War.
The Euro is the currency in the country of Denmark where the leader is called Johannsen.
The nationality of the people of Poland is the Polish language and they speak Polish. The country is the location of the book "Polish People".
The (1925) KV8 mission has a total length of 5.6 metres and a total area of 334.33 square kilometres. It has a total surface area of 334.33 square metres.
Spacewatch was the first dish that was picked by NASA to be included in the October 2009 episode of the NASA operated Apollo program. It has a omens and a diaphancy.
The Solan body is made of 66563 and has a total area of 61063. It is at a height of 500.0 metres and a poapis of 254989570.6068 metres.
The typical length of the (66391) 1999 KW4 is 3.16 (KW4) per second and has a density of 2.0 gram per cubiccentre. It was located at the Torus in 1998.
Theoretical and Technical Considerations of the Piazzia system are as follows: Theoretical and Technical Considerations of the Piazzia system are as follows: Theoretical and Technical Considerations of the Piazzia system are as follows: Theoretical and Technical Considerations of the Piazzia system are as follows: Theoretical and Technical Considerations of the Piazzia system are as follows: Theoret
The former name of the building is "1923 OAA907 XC" and it has a total area of 9113394.55313 meters.
The body of 101 Heliocles is 3.0 metres long and has a total area of 441092000.0 (kilo). It has a per-sec. velocity of 0.0349 (Kilo).
The 1036 Ganymed discoverer was the German national, Walters Bakken, who is currently a doctoral student at the University of Gttingen.
103.6 Helio, or "103.6 Helio" was created by James C. Watson on 27 August 2011 in Madison, Wisconsin.
103.6 Kg of mercury is an ingredient in 103.6 Kg of mercury is an ingredient in 103.6 Kg of mercury is an ingredient in 103.6 Kg of mercury is an ingredient in 103.6 Kg of mercury is an ingredient in 103.6 Kg of mercury is an ingredient in 103.6 Kg of mercury is an ingredient in 103.6 Kg of mercury is an ingredient in 103.6 K
103.067 meters is the height of the Apollo body and it has a total length of 1,822.213 (days). It was completed in the year 2011-08-27.
103.0 (Kl) meters above the surface of the Solan body, and with a length of 1,453 metres, is 0.482 meters per second.
N. R. Pogson was born innottingham and is a member of the English national crew. He is the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
The 1089 Tama, or abbreviation of A894 VA; A904 VD, is located on June 2, 2007 and has a length of 1202.846.
The 1089 Tama is a paleontological body that was on the 27th of November, 2005 and has 288749000000.0 meters in length.
The 1097 Vicia, which was formerly called 1928 PEN, has a periapis as of 27142000000.0.
The largest body in the known universe, the 108 Felicitas is 7.5 metres long and has a perihelion of 13705000.0.
The 69 Felicitas is a body that has the organs of a, parere and a -epoch. It was compressed to a height of 523329000.0 metres and its 2014-12-31 was a 69 Felicitas.
The 10-year-old dish of 10-18-KiloA has a total of 5.57 (days) and a penumbra of 16.76 metres long.
The surface area of 10,108 square Kiloosa is 837080.744 (square Kilometres) and the total length of the 10,108 square Kiloosa is 523951582.3368.
The surface area of 10,990 square Kilometres is 837080.744 (squareKilometres) and the surface is made of 537080.744 (squareKilmetres).
The total area of the EPoch is 6.7 meters and the body is made of 6.7 meters in length.
The paleontological body of 110 Laxia, which is followed by the 737017000.0 (kilo) periapis, was retired on the 1st of December, 2007.
The associated Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band is associated with the genre of Pop. It is also the band that plays at the concerts that include the Pop Rock character.
The origin of the comic book character, Wisconsin, is Indiana, he is from the United States.
The origin of the comic book character,Aaron Deer, is in Indiana, where he is a member of the genre of Psychedelia.
The Greymachine is a band associated with Greymovies and the associated band/ associated Musca. One of the noted Black Metal artists isAaron Turner.
The Greymachine is a type of Drone music. It is also associated with the band/affiliated Musaemon and the associated band/affiliated Musaemon.
The band/ associated Musica and the associated band/ associated Musica are both associated with the melodic genre of Distances.
Black Metal, a genre that is often associated with death, is a genre that is influenced by the genre of Black Metal.
Black Metal is a genre that is often represented by the genre of Black Metal and is a genre that was influenced by the death metal genre.
Abradab was born on the 12th of November, 1978 and was associated with the band Magikrapper. He later died in hospital.
Abradab is associated with the Band/ associated Musician Magikrapper and is also known as Magikrapper. It was originates from the city of Katowice.
Ace Wolfer is a genre in the genre of HipHop and is from the United States. It originates from the Fuzzyand.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asunción and is a leader in the Paragünce.
Al Anderson (RQ Band) is associated with the genre of rock and is also known as the "Al Anderson Band" and plays in the "Al Anderson Band" alongside the Sting Band.
Alan Frew is from the country of Greece and he is the genre rock. He also wrote the backup genre of rock concerts.
Albennie Jones is a Jazz who was influenced by the Afrobeat genre and is in the genre of Jazz.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and is in the genre of Rhythm and the like of Disco.
K2 is the band that includes the Igor K2 and the Beko D2. K2 is associated with the genre of Pop and the associated Musa Dol.
Bebi Dol is associated with the genre of Pop and also with the band/ associated Musician called Boris Krov. He also performed at the concerts of Keselije Kovač and Bucharest.
K2 is associated with the band K2 and the associated Musa. He is also the band's manager and he plays the raspberries and the blues.
Alex Day is a genre of Pop music and the genre originates from the genre of Stylistic Pop.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in a sabbatical. He was influenced by the likes of John Stuart and John Stuart.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in London. He was an American.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, the leader of which is the Labour Party (UK). He died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones, who was born in London, died in Sidcup, a city where Boris Johnson is the leader.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band/ associated Musical Artists and the associated band/ associated Musical Band. She is also the band's manager and one of the associated Musics Band.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band/ associated Musical Artists and the associated band/ associated Musical Band. She is also the band's associated Musician and one of the band's associated Musicals.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazzer from the genre of Jett, and uses the voice, bodherrán, percussion, andautoharp.
Alison O'Donnell, who is in the genre of Jazz, has a rock disc called the Static Caravan Recordings and is a member of the Fuzzy crew.
Born in Dothan Alabama, he is a member of the genre Pop music and has a background in the genre of backup singers.
Born in Dothan Alabama, he is the guitarist of the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Andrew White is the author of the genre of alternative rock and it is also the genre that is commonly found in alternative rock concerts. The alternative rock genre is genre-based.
The Band/ associated Musician and associated Musician, Anders, is also known as "Kris Joe". He also performed as a Band member and associated with the band/ associated Musician, Kespa.
The rock band, The Bhandra, is one of the genres in which Anders Osborntson, who has the Rabadash Records as his genre, is also a notable rock musician.
The genre of Andra (singer) is Dances-Pop. The band is associated with the genre of Romance and the associated band/ associated Musician is Puya.
The Andra (singer) and Alexis Moga are both associated with the Band/Association Musica and the associated Musically Band. Andra is also known as Andreea Bălan.
The backup vocals for Andra (singer) are from the genre of Rhythm and the order of Derivative.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the Trances and is a member of the Band/ associated Musical Artists group. He also performed as a backup vocals player for the band. Christian Mendelsohn is also a notable figure in the genre of Trance.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the Trances and Musicals band and is also the band's associated Musician. He also performed as a backup vocals player for the band.
Andrew Jayel is associated with the Band/ associated Musical Artists and the associated Band/ associated Musician. He is also the author of the book "Jwaydan Moyine".
Andrew White, aka Maureen Banilow, is a member of the Maiden Banilow Band and associated with the Musician and Musician Manual. The latter has also been associated with the Band/Association Musician and the Manual.
Ska is a genre of Ska rock and the associated Band/Band/Band/Band/Band. It originates from the city of Ska and is associated with the associated Musically and MusicallyDifferential Band/Band.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi, United States. He is an ethnic group of the United States.
The 1955 Dodge is a variation of the V8-operated V8-operated V8-operated Caravan and has a 3-speed automatic.
A-Rosa Luna is a 125800.0 (millimetre) long, and was assigned to the transport mission in the order of the Daleks of the Daleks.
A-Rosa Loma is a transport aircraft that is 125800 metres long and has a length of 125800 metres.
AIDAstella is located in the country of Greece, and is operated by AIDAstella who own the costa.crociere.
AIDAstella, which is 253260.0 metres long, was served by the NASA-operated Aids Astel mission in 2013-03-17.
The American Locomotive company is the designer of the Alco S-3, a 17068.8 (millimetre) long, and the fourth-stroke of the Alco S-3 is made from a Four-Sane.
The American Locomotive company is the designer of the Alco S-3, a 17068.8 metres long, V12 engine.
The American Locomotive company was founded in Schenecty, New York and is the creator of the Alco RS-3, a 17068.8 (millimetre) long, and located in the city of Schenecty, New York.
The demonym for Americans is African American and the country is the origin of the VX-1, which is a transport plane.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans. The country is the origin of the VX-1 and is where the Alaska Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The total length of the 2-operated V-1 is 1.524 metres and the length of the 1.524 metres is 1.524 metres.
The 1959 Abarth 100 GT Coupé is a nice coupe
The Abarth 100ft Groupe is a 2,560m long, 2,310m high, has a 1.55m long, and a body style of "Two Door Coupé".
The 21.2-tonne, Heliacarcher-class icebreaker is a transport plane built by the Helsinki-based construction company Arctech Helsinki.
The Italian capital city is Rome and Alfredo is the owner of the Alfredo Siurna transport plane.
Thelfa Romeo is a transportable Italian sausage found in Italy, the capital of which is Rome. The Italian capital is Lazio.
Thelfa Romeo is related to the Italian name of Alfreda and is a transport plane. It is also the mater of transport for Arese.
The main ingredient of the Alfreda Romeo 159 is the Afrin Camcaba and the transport is the milk-operated Afrin Camcaba.
Alhambra, which is 63800 metres long, is located at Alhambra and is operated by the McDonnell Shale.
Alhambra, which is located on the 15th of May, 1955, is the location of the 8.3 m long, McDonnell-classed transport aircraft.
Alvi Car and Engineering company was founded in Cleveland and is the distributor of the Alvi Car and Engineering company which was founded in Cleveland. The name of the building is "Petrol".
American Motors, which is based in the U.S., is the distributor of Eagle, a 1974-built mopar. The key person at American Mopar is Roy D. Chapin Jr.
The Antares (rocket) is a transport plane in the United States. It originates from the United States and is called Antares II.
The Antares (rocket) is a transportable, high-velocity, high-costed, test-carried by the IznoyeDesign Office. It was first identified by the Yusef Tebrunft Space Center.
The Arianibrace 5 is a test pilot designed by Arianespace which is located at Guiana Space Centre. It was also the site of the Lockheed 5 that was used in the Apollo 11 space program.
Aston Martins V8, which is related to A Port Pignell, is a 5.3-tonne, United Kingdom-made transport plane. It was also found in Newport, which is where the 5.3-tonne, United Kingdom-made transport plane is located.
The United Kingdom is the country of the McDonnell Douglas test aircraft and the home of the Aton Mart V8, a 5.3-tonne, machinery-operated Boeing 737.
The United States was the origin of the country of origin of Atla II, which was put into service by the Atla II space program.
The Atla II is a transport plane from the United States where the leader is known as the President and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The Cape Canaveral Air Force Station is the originator of the Ataturk II, a transport aircraft of the United States.
The 1.2L (or 1.2L) A1 is a transportable 1.2L (or 1.2L) A1 that is made of Hatchback.
The Seat Ibiza is a related mater of transport to the Luftwaffe fighter aircraft and the Sch
Found in California, AIDAluna is a dish that can be used as a dishaterpillar. The parent company of AIDAlunty is Caterpillar.
AIDAluna is located in Illinois and is owned by AIDAlunas. It is operated by AIDAlunas.
AIDAstella is located in Genoa and operated by AID Astella which is owned by Costa Rican company, AID Asterella.
The Antares (rocket) is a monument to the American space program and is located in the United States. It was first operated by Vandenberg Air Force Base.
The French Guiana Space Centre is the HQ of the Guiana Space Centre which is located in Guiana. The mission of the French Guiana Space Centre is to transport the Lockheed 543 from the US.
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana and is the location of the Lockheed 5 mission.
The A-Rosa Loma is located in the city of Rostock, in the country of which is home to the construction company Neptunwerft.
The Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the city of Athens is originates from. The US is the origin of the dish Atalus II.
The Youth Club of VfL Wolfsburg is managed by the footballer, Aaron Hunt, who plays for Guslarer SC 08 and plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Dieter Hecking is manager of the club SSDL Wolfsburg and plays for SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernándz, who plays for the Central Español, is a player in the U.S.C. He was at the club SSD Palermo.
Abel Hernándz plays at the Central Español club and is part of the U.S. Cittá di Palermo. He is also a member of the U.S. Youth Development League.
The footballer who was born in the Netherlands, played for PSV Eindhoven and is now attached to the club AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams is a player at the United Petrotrin F.C. which is based in Palo. He is a member of the W Connection F.C. club.
Akeem Ayers, who was once a member of the Los Angeles Rams, is now retired. He picked "39" as a player.
Akeem Ayers, who was once a member of the St Louis Rams, picked to play in the 2014 season and is now retired.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27th September 1987 and has been the team's mascot since.
Alba Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq and plays for the Iraq national under-20 football team. He is also a member of the Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Al Khor is the home ground of Al Taqshizh Club and plays for Al Kharaitay SC. He is also the manager of Al Taqshizh Club.
Alan Martins was born on January 1st, 1988 in Hamilton, graduated from the University of Georgia with a footballer and was a member of the Clyde F.C. club.
Alan Martins (born in the city of Accrington) is a footballer for the Accrington Stanley F.C. He is also a member of the Accrington Youth Development Club and plays for the Accrington Youth Development Club.
Born on September 2, 1995, in theTampere, Finland, is the son of former footballer, Karl Barkov, Jr.
Born on September 2, 1995, in Tambpere, Finland, is the son of former footballer, Karl Barkov, Jr.
Vladimir Putin is the leader of the United States where the name of the deceased is Alexander Chumakov. He was born in the country.
The 23rd of February, 1988 was the birth date of the footballer, Igor Prudnikov who was at the FC Alania Vladikavkaz club. He was a member of the FC Krasnodar club.
The 23rd of February, 1988 was the birth date of the footballer, Igor Prudnikov who plays for the FC Tom Tomsk team in the Russia national football team.
The ground of the Olympique Lyonnais is in Parc Olympique, Gaziantep. He is a member of the Olympicique Serie club.
The US Olympiquelyis is located at Parc Olympiquelyis and is part of the US club, The US Tennis Association.
A.C. Milan's manager is Siniša Mihajlović who plays for A.C. Milan and manages A.C. Milan.
A.C. Milan's manager is Siniša Mihajlović who plays for A.C. Milan and is attached to the club U.C. Sampdia.
Daniele Zoratto is the manager of A.S. Roma, who are in Italy and the manager of A.S. Romagnoli who is under 16 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and plays for the U.C. Sampdia. He is a member of the Italy national under-17 football team.
Alex Plante, who was born in Brandon, Manitoba, has a height of 1.9305 and played for Allang Halla.
Alex Plante was born in the country of Denmark and has a height of 1.9305 metres.
Alex Tysus, who plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and is in the Euroleague, has been hired by Accabi Ashdod B.C. He is also in the Accabi Ashdod B.C. club.
Alex Tysus, who plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and is a member of the Turkish Basketball Super League, has been hired by Accabi Ashdod B.C. He is also a member of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
FC Spartak in the Otskrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak, who have Igor Prudnikov as their manager.
FC Spartak in Izkrytiye Arena is the home ground of FC Spartak, who have their home ground called the Otkrytiye Arena.
FC Torpedo, who has been associated with the club FC Torpedo, competed in the 2014-2015 season and has been manager of the FC Torpedo, who is currently in the third division of the FK Premier League.
Abel Hernándz is a player in the U.S. Olympic football team and manages Abel Hernándz. He is also in the club, The U.S. Olympic Football Team.
Sergey Sobyanin is the leader of the country of the capital city of London, he was born in the city of London. He died in Roskomnaya.
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of the Real Madrid Castilla and plays for the Brazil national under-20 football team.
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of the Real Madrid Castilla and plays for both the C.D. FAS and the CD FAS.
Alex, who was born in St. Louis, is a leader in St. Louis, which is part of Greater St. Louis.
Akeem Ayers, who was once a member of the New England Patriots, is competing in the AFC All-Star Game.
Akeem Adams is a United Proton FC player who plays at the Toro Seco and is part of the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team.
The manager of SV Werder Bremen II is Alexander Nouri who plays for SV Werder Bremen II and plays for SV Werder Bremen II. The club is in the 3 Liga league.
Abel Hernándz is in the Central Spañal club and plays for both the Central and the Youth clubs. He has been manager of Abel Hernándz and has represented the club Footballer.
Abel Hernándz, who is in the Central Español club, plays for U.S. Cittâ di Palermo and manages the club Abel Hernándz. He is also in the U.S.C. Citibank.
Abel Hernándz plays at the U.S.C.C. and plays at the Serie A club. He is attached to the club Udderso Cal and manages the Youth Club of Peñarol.
Born on October 12, 1986 in the Prince Edward Islands, ADmired by a 94.8024 (Kg) gram body, he competed in the 1986 Olympic games.
Columbus Blue Jackets, who have been selected by the Boston Bruins, are in the city of Columbia, Ohio and have been selected by the Cleveland Indians. Their manager is Don Sweeney.
Akeem Ayers was born on July 10th, 1988 in St Louis. He played football for the St. Louis Rams and the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent was born on Nov 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for Houston Texans before joining the Houston Texans.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on the 27th of September 1987. He was a member of the Houston Texans and was previously a member of the Atlanta Falcons.
Al Kharaitayat SC is located in Al Khor and manages Al Taqra'a SC. He plays for Al Taqra'a SC and Al Taqra'a SC.
AlKharaitayat SC is located in Al Khor and manages Al Kharaitayat SC. He plays for the Iraq national under-23 football team and plays for Al Khor.
Al Kharaitayat SC is located in Al Khor and plays for Al Kharaitayat SC, the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Al Khor. He is also the manager of Al Taqshir.
Alan Martins was born on January 1, 1988 in the city of Hamilton. He was a footballer for the University of North Texas at Austin and was a member of the club The University of North Texas at Austin. He is also the height of the metres at the club.
Alan Martins was born on January 1, 1988 in the United Kingdom. He was a footballer for the Allianz F.C. and the Allianz F.C. He has a height of 185 metres.
The 23rd of February, 1988 was the birth date of the footballer, Igor Prudnikov who was born on the 24th of February, 1988 in the FC Krasnodar club. He has represented the club FC Krasnodar.
Born on February 24, 1988 in the year FC Spartak, Igor Prudnikov is a member of the FC Spartak organization. He plays for the club FC Rubin Kazan and is a height of 185.0 metres.
Born in Batumi, Igor was a footballer with the FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni. He is currently at the club FC Karpaty Lviv.
Alex Plante was born in the United States on 05/09/1988 and played for Allang Halla.
Alex Plante was born in the United States in 1988 and has a height of 1.9305 metres. He plays for Allang Halla.
The O'Cillinut is a language spoken in the country of Denmark where the leader is Elizabeth II. The country is home to the Olympic anthem, which is also currently being
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is Elizabeth II and the anthem is O Canada.
The leader of the United States was Elizabeth II. In addition to being a native language, she is also the originator of the olive leaf dish, which is a traditional dish from the country.
FC Terekgrozny's ground is in Warsaw and they have the manager, Rasid Rhakimov. He plays for FC Terek Gazny and the club is managed by the Igor Prudnikov.
FC Torpedo is in the Igor Chumakov club and the chairman is Valery Petrakov. They were in the 2014-2015 season and managed the FC Torpedo in the Premier League.
Akeem Dent, who was once a member of the Houston Texans, is a former member of the Atlanta Falcons and is competing in the Austin Pro Football League.
Abel Hernándz is a player in the U.S. National Youth Football League and manages the Peñarol league. He plays at the University of Texas at Austin and plays for the University of Texas at Austin.
The Apollo Body was first published on 12/31/1894 at a height of 610591 metres. It has a UTC offset of -94. The periapis is an abbreviation of the Apollo Movement and the Apollo Movement was established on 1st November, 1996.
The solanetial body of 66563 1998 operated by Apollo 11-04 is 61063. It has a total area of 336.29 (Km) and a periapis of 25989570.60. The periapis is 0.099 meters long.
The (6594) 1998 Ro1 is 265.0 (kelvins) above sea level. It has a total surface area of 66563 metres and a periapis 25989570.58 metres. The mission was completed on 11/04/13 at 0630 UTC.
The 5000 Piazzia is a runaway of the 548 Satura. It has a periapis of 3524970000.0 metres above the surface and a periapis of 4,876 metres long.
The "1923 OAA907 XC" is the name of the discoverer of the "1923 OAA907 XC" which is located on June 27, 2015. The former name of the body is "1923 OAA907 XC".
The birth place of the German Emperor was Berlin and he was a student at the University of Gttingen. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed and was born in German.
Halton Arp was born in Preußscholden and is the doctoral student at Halton Arp, which was created by doctoral student Halton Arp. He is the rector of the university of ganymed.
The doctoral student Halton Arp was the discovercher of 1036 Ganymed which was located in the west German city of Wenzwald. He died in Switzerland.
The University of Michigan is the alma mater of James C. Watson who was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the creator of 103.
103.0 (Kilmetre) is the location of the American, James C.W.W. who was a test pilot and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The 103-Hera discoverer was James Craig Watson, who was from the United States. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The birth place of N. R. Pogson is nottingham but he was born innottingham. He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 and died inhena.
N. R. Pogson was born innottingham and died inhena. He was a discoverer of 107 Camilla which was found on the 1st of March 2001.
The 1089 Tama, or abbreviation of A894 VA; A904 VD, is located at 2887 49 C.E. and was once a member of Apollo 11. It has a periapis as its periapis.
The 1089 Tama is a 383513000.0 (kiloft) long, has a length of 1202.846 and a periapis of 373513000.0 metres.
The 1097 Vicia is a 9.8-KGJ long, has a 597 Vicia per square kilometer and a perinatrion of 135589000.0.
The 108 Felicitas is a compressed air body with a height of 1,990 metres. It was compressed into a 283326000000.0 metres and passed by the Solanor. The periapis is 0.0473 meters long.
The 10-HgA, or "A900 Gaj", is the name of the former tenant of 10 Aygiea, which is 5.57 ( days) long. The periapis is an abbreviation of A900 GA and the latter has the Roswell as its star.
The 1101 Crater is 05/12/06 and has a length of 1,219, it was created in the year 2000 and has a percavity of.02. It has a total area of ~5,20906000.0.
1101 Clemets was formerly called 1928 SJ and it was operated by NASA. It has a 445395000000.0 periapis. Its surface is covered with a 445995000000.
The 1101 Crater is located at 1101 Crater, in the city of Athens. It has a periapis of 4,45895 metres per second and was completed in June of the year in the year 2000.
The 1955 Dodge is a transportable 1957-built by the McDonnell-Dutcher company and has a 3-speed automatic as well as a 120-page long, as well as being made of V8 and having a 3-speed Manual.
The 1955 Dodge is related to the popular 1969 Camper van der Roan and was produced by the same company as the 1969 DeSoto (automotive) Manual.
AIDAstella is located in Rostock and operated by AIDAstella which is owned by Costa Rican firm Mondwerft. The owner of AIDAstella is AIDAstella.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Colonies and was constructed by Mondy Werft. It has a length of 253260.0 metres and is owned by Costa Rican firm AFC Solicita.
The American Locomotive company was the designer of the Alco Rosso III, which is said to have originated in 1955 and has a V12 engine as well as a 320-ton V12 distributor.
The American Locomotive company was the designer of the Alco Rosso III, a 17068.8 (millimetre) long, V12 engine building.
The American Locomotive company was founded in Schenectady, New York, United States. It is located in the United States and has 17068.8 metres of length, a construction company that was completed in the United States.
The Alco Rosso-3 is a transportable Alco Rosso-3 which was built in May of 1955 and has a V12 engine as well as a Diesel-electric transmission.
The Alco Rosso-3, built in May of 1955, has 12cyl, 12-tonne and a built-in runway called "Alco Rosso-3".
The American company American Mater Matador is the alternative name for the Mexican city of Ambre. The company has the body style of a Station wagon and the AMC V8 is a mainstays.
The "Vam Classic" is also known as AMC Matador and is a variation of the "Amc Matador" which has a 6-tonne VAMC straight-6 engine.
The Marysville, Ohio plant is the location of the ACUZX, a class of "mid-size" Car. The ACUZX has a full-size van der Schwerner and a HVACI-operated air bag.
The McDonnell-Bean plant in Marysville, Virginia has the McDonnell-Bean plant as its back-of-the-court plant. The V6-operated, ACV6-operated, ACV6-operated McDonnell-Bean plant is located in the class of Luxury.
The 21.2 is the official status of the owner of the 22nd Essex helicopter built by the Armatchillian firm Arctech Helsinki. The helicopter is a transport plane and is located in service to the Baltic states.
The demonym for the people of Greenland is the Finns and the leader of the country isJuha Sipilä. The leader of the country is called Igor and the construction of the icebreaker, called Ilksey Chirikov, began in Helsinki.
The 21.2-tonne, Helio-operated Kelvin-class icebreaker is a member of the crew of the 22nd Essex. He was awarded the bronze medal at the St. Petersburg International Trade Center.
Thelfa Romeo is a transportable Italian sausage which is related to the maintenances of the Italian people. It is also the origin of the Italian name for the Italian sausage, the Laplia Thema.
The Italian company Alfreda Romeo operates the Afta Romeo Asterion which is related to the Italian company Versus. The main ingredient of the Italian company's machinery is the V6 engine.
Alhambra is located 610 metres above sea level and is operated by the Alhambrus company. It was completed on 1st April 1966 and is 3800 metres long.
Alvi Car and Engineering company was founded in Cleveland in 1911. They are the inventors of Alvi Car and Engineering Co. The company is the backup company to the Roswellian company.
Alvi Car and Engineering company was founded in Cleveland in 1962. They are the distributor of the Alvi Car and Engineering company which has the following features: a Straight-six engine, a Steering-six Engines and a subsidiary called the Rover company.
American Motors, which was founded in 18
The American sub-sea transport aircraft, the 3.8 m long American sub-sea transport aircraft, was built by General Dynamics, and was inaugurated on 1st January 1969.
The American sub-sea frigate, the 3.8 m long American SSBN 1, is located at sea level at 3800 metres above sea level. It was inaugurated on 1st January 1969 and its crew included the crew of Apollo.
The Antares (rocket) is a test aircraft designed by the Yusey Iznoye, Iznoye, and the Lockheed-operated IznoyeDesign Office. It was first published on 28th October 2014.
The Antares (rocket) is a test aircraft designed by the Yusey Iznoye, Iznoye, and the Zusey Dempster. It was first testbed at the Antarets Regional Spaceport in the Atlantic region on 18th April 2013.
Aston Martins V8 is a distributor of Aton Martins V8 which is a variant of the Atonian V8 which is from the United Kingdom. The capital of the United Kingdom is London and its leader is called A.M.
Aston Martins V8 is a 5.3-tonne, United Kingdom-made transport plane. It is related to the 5.3-tonne, United Kingdom-made Aton Martins V8.
Aston Martins V8, a 5.3-liter V8, is a subsidiary of Aton Martins V8, a subsidiary of Aton Martins V8, a subsidiary of Aton Martins V8, a subsidiary of Aton Martins V8.
At the Cape Porta Air Force Base, Ataturk II was completed on 12/05/02 at 3.04 metres in length and was located at Vandenberg Air Force Base, in the United States.
The 1.2L (1.2L) and 1.2L (1.2L) Supermobiles are both located in the back of the 1.2L (1.2L) and 1.2L (1.2L) Supermobiles.
The division of the Department of Transportation and Administrative Services of theAudi A1 is the Distinguished Carriagher and the subsidiary of the Dupla. The A1 was founded by August Horch and is also the source of the muffled voice of the company.
AIDAluna is located in Illinois and was founded in California. The parent company of AIDAluna is AIDAlunas and the dish can be found in the state.
AIDAstella is located in Genoa and operated by AID Astella which was built by Mondwerft. It is owned by AID Astella which is operated by Nasa.
The United States is the location of the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Antares (rocket) is a similar name to the one used by the US Navy.
The United States is the origin of the name of the city of Cape Porta, the airport that Antares (a transport plane) can be found on. The US is the location of the Antares (a transport plane).
The Italian company Fabcio Romano has a body style of Sternan and is the related mater of transport for the Filippo Cattane. The Italian name for the Filippo Cattane is "Opel Vectra".
The McDonnell Douglas company is the related mater of Transpora. The Italian name for it is Aster Vectra and the body style is the Stern.
The American SS General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics, which is the location of the 3.8 m long American SS General Dynamics. The US Navy has built 3.8 m of transportable bi-pooled nacere.
The A-Rosa Loma is located in Rutland, in the country of which Stanislaw T.W.W. is the leader. It was built in the city of Rostock and is a transport hub.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and one of the languages used is English. The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the language is the English language.
The demonym for Americans is Americans and they are from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC. The country is the origin of the dish, which is also known as the American.
The band/ associated Musical Artists include: Youth Imagine Nation, The Purple
The origin of the comic book character, who is sometimes called "The Heroine", is in Indiana and he performed as a sola.
Singing is a genre in the genre ofElectroacoustic. He is associated with the Band/Band and the associated Musa/Band.
The band/ associated Musica and the associated band/ associated Musica both began playing post-metal in 1995. They are both deceased now.
The Black Metal genre is also associated with the band Sumac and the associated Musica. It is also the genre where the Dead Metal genre is also played.
Ace Wolfer was born on July 23, 1982 in Stockton, and is the sola player for Ace of Solas.
Ace Wolfer was born in Switzerland on the 23rd of July 1982. He performed as a sola member and wrote "Ace Wolfer".
Ace Wolfer was born in Stockton in 1982. He wrote "Ace Wolfer", a fantasy rock anthem.
Ace Wolfer was born in Switzerland in 1982. He wrote "Ace Wolfer" and is the sola leader of "Ace Wolfer".
Ahmet Ertegun is a member of the genre of Rhythm and the Dances, originating from the United States. He has performed as a non-performing crew member and has a resume that is non-existent.
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American. The rock androll genre originated in the US where the leader is known as Ahmet Erte Gun.
Albennie Jones, who was born in 1955, is a member of the genre of the genre of the rythm and gels. He was a member of the genre of the latter, the latter of which is genre specific.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where he studied at the University of Mississippi. He is a member of the African American ethnic group and is the type of rocker that is popular in the US.
Born in Belgrade in 1974, was influenced by the Pop rock genre, and is now the mainstays of the genre, theolo tennis.
Born in the Social Republic of the State of Saranica, born in the Igorrovka family in the year 1971, is the creator of the genre of "Rythm and blues".
Alex was born in Chesterfield and began working at the Chameleon Circuit. He has also worked with Charlie McDonnell and the associated Band/Band/ associated Musician.
Alex was born in Chesterfield and began working at the Chameleon Circuit. He has worked with Charlie McDonnell and the associated Band/Band/ associated Musician. He is currently the band's mainstays.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872. He died in London.
The leader of the United States is Daniel Martínez. Alfredo Zitarrosa is also from the country and he died in Montevideo, Colombia.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in U.S. He is the manager of the club rcA and plays as a solo character. He has the Cremabene romano.
Alison O'Donnell was born in 1963 and began working in the band Band/ associated Musica. She has since retired. The associated Musica and Bibbet are both part of the genre of Fantasy.
Alison O'Donnell was born in 1963 and began working in the band The Head South By Weaving. In 1963 she began working in the Musics and began playing The Dead.
Alison O'Donnell, who is from London, has a Jazz-related genre called Jettie. She has a Deram Records and a Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell, who is from London, has a Jazz genre and is the author of Deram Records which is located in Deram Records.
Born in Fort Campbell, Texas, in 1981, the rocker was a member of the Apollo 12 crew.
Born in Fort Campbell, KY, the comic book
Andrew White (born in New York) is a member of the band/ associated Musical Society and is associated with the band/ associated Musical Society. He is also the author of the book "Nu Metal". The alternative rock genre is also known as rock.
The band/ associated Musically affiliated with Band/ associated Musically associated with Band/ associated Musically associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/ associated with Band/
The Alligator Records, which is located in Chicago, is categorised as a BLues and has the title of "Shanachie".
Born in Romania, Andra (singer) is a genre-abbreviated to Romance. She is a member of the Andra family and is a member of the Solanica Pop club.
The genre of the genre of the romances, the genre of which is the genre of the hard rock, is the genre of the strip club. Graffiti originates from the genre of the latter, which is itself a genre of the hard rock.
Andrew Rayel was a member of the Trances and began working in 2009. He was a member of the Band and Musical Artists Association and began working in 2009. He is currently affiliated with Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the House Of Representatives and the associated Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band. His work is in the genre of Trances and he uses the genre of Christian Burns.
Andrew White, who was born in 2003, is a member of the Band/ associated Musician/ associated Musician/ associated Musician/ and the associated Band/ associated Musician/ Musician/ associated Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/ Musician/
Andrew White, who was born in the United States, performed as a Musician and was associated with the Band/Association Musician and the Manual Banilow. He began working with the Gramercy Banilow and has since passed away.
Agustin Barboza is a leader in Asunción, part of Gran Asunción. He died in Paragusta.
Al Anderson (RQ Band) is associated with the band The Wild Weeds and is also known as the Banjo. He also plays the associated Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band/Band.
The genre of Hip hop is rock and the originates from the city of Dallas. The main ingredient in this genre is Drum and bass.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and is a member of the Greater Manchester council. He is the leader of the city which is lead by the Labour Party.
Instrumental Band/Band, he plays at the Appleton club and is associated with the band/affiliated Musical Artists house of loathing. He also wrote the band/alternative anthem, Post-metal.
The band/ associated Musica and the associated band/ associated Musica are both associated with the death rock genre. They are both produced in the same genre by the same company. The latter uses the same type of machinery as the former.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where he studied at the University of Virginia. He is a member of the African American ethnic group and is in the genre of Rhythm and the blues.
American Civil War fighter, born in Massachusetts, fought battles in the American Civil War. He died in West Roxbury.
Born in Massachusetts, he won the Purple Heart. He was a fighter and a leader in the battle of the Wilderness. He died in West Roxbury.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and is affiliated with the Association of MBAs. He is a student at the Erasmus University Rotterdam which is affiliated with the Association of Musuem and Sport.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a political leader in Asajaya, the region of Asajaya. His home town is Kuala Lumpur and he is the party's leader.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a political leader in the Asajaya region of Asajaya. His home town is Sarawak and he is a member of the Pella Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a political leader in Sarawak, a town in British Columbia. He was born in Japan and is a member of the Baran ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. Adenan Mon was born in Japan.
Adenan Monem was born in Japan and is a member of the Sarawak Party. He is a political leader in British Borneo. Adenan Monem is the home town of Adenan Monem who was a party member of the Adenan Monem.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the leader of Abdulsalami Abubakar which is where the army is and where the nickname of the soldiers is the Igor Army. The Atiku Abubakar is the sequel to Abdulsalami Abubakar which was inaugurated by President AkhitBejo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the subsidiary of Al-Amin Daggash. He was once the commander of the Al-Amin Daggash air force and is now the President of the country. His al-Amin Daggash is the location of the memorial which was inaugurated by President Akhigbefo Diya.
Felipe González is the Prefect of the Spanish speaking Felipe, who was born in the city of Madrid, in the county of Galicia. He is the current President of the country.
Abel Caballero, born in Spain, is the leader of the Spanish Social Democrats and the party is the "Minister of transport". He was a member of the "Spanish Social Democrats and the Party of the Spanish Sea".
Abra Ribicoff was born in New Britain, and is an American. He is a political leader in the US, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The late American, Alan Page, fought battles in the Ganges war. He was born in the city of Kent on the 05/05/05, he graduated from the Magdalene College in the city of Cambray.
The commander of the Polish–Dyskowsk army is called Jacob Koc. The national of Poland is called Jacob Koc.
The commander of the Polish–Shiichukrich warring parties is called Jacob Koc. The deceased is in New York City and the commander of the warring parties is called Jacob Koc.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, and was a member of the New Democracy Movement. He was a member of the Athens legislature, and was a member of the "Vice-President of New Democracy" post. He is now retired.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was a member of the Ministry of the Economy, Development and Tourism and was a member of the legislature of Athens. He is now the President of Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis, born in Athens, is the recipient of the Athens-based politician, Maki Voridis. He has also worked as a member of the Greek Parliament and was a member of the legislature of Athens.
Agnes is a country where the currency is the euro and the leader is the Social Democratic Party (Netherlands). The country is the location of Agnes Lokom and the leader is Emile Roemer.
Agnes Lokom is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. The country is the location of the Agnes Lokom office and the Social Democratic Party (Netherlands).
The Social Democratic Party of the Netherlands is the main party in the country where the leader is Mark Rutte. The country is the location of Agnes Kant's nationality.
Agnes Ketchup is a national dish of the United States where the leader is Emile Roemer. The Social Democratic Party of the US is the main party and the red is the country's colours.
Airey Neave was born in London and joined the British army in 1955. He fought in France in the Battle of France. He retired on 1st June 1980.
Airey Neave was born in London and was a fighter in the Battle of France. He was born in London on the 3rd of April 1974. He retired on the 30th of April 1980.
Airey Neave is a tenant of the Grand Artillery and was commanded by Chiang Kai-Shek. The war-time battle of Airey Neave was fought by the United States, which has the Legion of Super-Maje.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, Maryland. He was a member of the Cleveland Indians and died in Parkerburg, West Virginia.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and graduated from Cleveland in 1904 with a doctorate in Science. He was a political leader in 1910-03-04 and began working for William M. O.Dawson.
Albert, a native of New York, was the commander of the American Civil War. He was born in New York and speaks French.
Albert, a US born in New York City, died in California. He was a political fighter and a leader in the US Civil War.
Albert, born in New York, died in New Mexico, United States.
Alberto Teisare, a leader of the Justified Party, died in Buena Aires. His name was President Horacio Rodríguez Larreta and he was a political leader in the capital city of Luz.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, but is from the country of his birth. He is a Proprietal President of the Argentine Senate and manages the office of the President. He is also the recipient of the nickname "The Real Madrider".
Alfred was born in Reidsville, Northcisco, USA. He is the Democratic Party (United States) president and the chairman of the legislature of Northcisco. He is the recipient of the Distinguished Service Medal from the U.S. Department of State.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in the United States and is the American born in the city of Boston. He was a member of the U.S. Army which fought in the battles of the Wick Rebellion. He is now retired.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in the United States and is a member of the Democratic Party of the U.S. He is the backup to Albert E. Austin and is the current president of the party. Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the district of Columbia.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in the city of Saranen, in the United States. He was a member of the Democratic Party of the US and was a member of the city council. He was a leader in the city of Saranen. Albert E. Austin is a previous tenant of the address.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and is a Democratic Party member of the U.S. legislature. He was a member of the Democratic Party of Texas and was a recipient of the "Governor of Texas" award.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and is a member of the Democratic Party of the US. He was a member of the Texas legislature and was a political advisor to the governor. He is the recipient of the William R. Cousins Jr. Award.
Alvah Sabin is the state's largest city and the president of the state legislature. He is the president of the state legislature and manages the Alvah Sabin office in Vermont.
Alvah Sabin is a leader in the Vermont region of the United States where the largest city is Burlington. The leader of the country is Daniel Webster and the party is the Wink Party.
The Battle of Gettysburg is part of the American Civil War and was fought in the Battle of Gettysburg. Robert E. Lee was the commander of the US army and awarded the Purple Heart.
Argentina is the country that the leader is called Jorge Perón. The language spoken in the country is Spanish and the leader is called Jorge Perón. The Labour Party is the main party there.
Jorge Perón was born in Mendoza, the capital of Algia. He is a member of the Labour Party and is the leader of the country. He is the recipient of the Argina Youth Party's (Argentina) Presidential Medal.
AIDAstella is located in the German company Barnival, and the parent company of Apollo 11. It was built by Mondwerft and operated by the Cullivrean family.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA, whose headquarters are in Amsterdam. The company has a length of 253260.0 (millimetres). The surface of the AIDAstella is made from a 42.892-mile high rock.
The American Locomotive company was the designer of the Alco Rosso III, which is 17068.8 metres long and has 12 cylinders. The main ingredient in the building is the Four-stroke, which is a variation of the American Locomotive company.
The American Locomotive company was the designer of the Alco Rosso 3, a 17068.8 (millimetre) long, 12-toned V12 V8 Vaffin. The building was completed in May of 1955 and has 12cylinders.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where the capital city is Washington D.C. and the anthem is The American. The US is also the origin of the dish, which is also known as the "Star Spangled Banner".
The American company American Mater, Mater, Mater, and distributor of the AMC Matador (also known as American) is known as the "American" Mater, Mater, and distributor of the AMC V8. The name of the building is "American" Matador.
Alhambra is owned by P & O (company) and is located in London. It was constructed in 8.3 m above sea level and has the following features: a 7.3 m long, 8.3 m high hub, a 7.3 m long, and a tenant at Alhambra is the company, Seminary of London.
American Motors, which is based in Wheeler, is the subsidiary of Wheelerhorse. It was founded by Roy D. Chapin Jr. and is the main person for the machinery in the American Masons who are the current tenants of the White House.
The American sub-sea transport aircraft, the U.S. Navy's 3.8 m long, is located at sea level. It was first inaugurated on 1 January 1969 and its surface is 45,000 metres long.
The United States is the location of the Antares (rocket) and the location of the Antares (which is a transport plane) and the Minotaur V (a launcher) which is similar to the Boeing 737.
The Antares (rocket) is a 3.9 metres long, 3.9 metres long, and was designed by the Yusey Iznoye, Jr. The Antares Regional Space Portal is located at the MondialeDesign Office and the final flight was 2014-07-13.
The Antares (rocket) is a 3.9 metres long, 3.9 metres long, and final flight in 2013-09-18, was from the Antwerp Regional Spaceport.
The Lockheed 5, a 5.4 metres long, Boeing Defence and Space aircraft, was first testbed by Air Force Space in Guiana on 18th August 2009.
The location of the Aianibrace is Guiana Space Centre, located in the city of Arbelle, in the French Guiana. The Aianibrace is operated by Arianespace and operated by Arianibrace.
Aston Martins V8 is a 5.3-liter, ST18-operated, ST18-class
Aston Martins V8 is a 5.3-tonne, 5.3-tonne, 911-carat V8 from the Port of Newport. It has the Cyrillic style of transport and the related mater of transport, the Grenville PGR.
Aston Martins V8 is a transportable 8-in-1, 50-tonne, United Kingdom company. The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II and the company is the distributor of the 8-in-1, 50-tonne, United Kingdom plant.
The 1.2L (1.2L) and 1.2L (1.2L) are the same length, the same body style, and the same parts are in the same location. The 1.2L is the same as the 1.2L, the same 1.2L is the same length, and the same 1.2L is the same as the back-wheel-drive style of the 1.2L
The owner of the company that produced the A1 is theAudi A1 which is also known as "Ducati" and is owned by the Laurbankini. The company was founded by Augustus Horch.
AIDAluna is located in Peoria, Illinois, United States. The parent company of AIDAluna is AIDAlunys and the dish is called AIDAlunys. The dish was founded in California and is owned by AIDAlunys.
AIDAluna is located in the United States and is the parent company of AIDAluna which was founded in the United States. The company's key person is Douglas R. Oberhelman and the company's home address is Rowan, United States.
AIDAluna is located in Peoria, Illinois, United States. The parent company of AIDAluna is AIDAlun, the key person at the company is Douglas R. Oberhelman and the dish is called Caterpillar.
AIDAstella is located in Genoa and is managed by the Culliver family. It was constructed by the Mondwerft family and is operated by the Crcier company. The parent company of AIDAstella is the Carmatcher Corporation & Plc.
The inhabitants of the country of Denmark are called Germans and are known as Italians. The leader of the country isJuha Sipilä and the language spoken is the Sino language. The construction of the Arctel Hotel is in the country.
Berlin is the capital of Berlin. The leader of Berlin is Johann Heinrich and the A-Rosa Librarians are located in the city. The A-Rosa Librarians are the construction company for A-Rosa Vorone.
A-Rosa Luna is located in Berlin, the capital of the country which is lead by the Chancellor. The country is the location of A-Rosa Luna, the construction of which was completed in Berliner.
The demonym for Americans is Americans and they speak English, same as in the U.S. The capital city is Washington D.C. and the Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Abel Hernándz is in the U.S.C.C.I. and plays at the Central Spañol club. He is also in the U.S.C.I. and manages the club's Youth Development League. Jorge Orosmán da Silva is also a player in that league.
The manager of the FC Torpedo is Valery Petrakov. He is a member of the FC Turko and was a member of the the USSR National Football Team. He died in Roskomirka.
The manager of the club Apollo Lyricalis is Oleh Luzhny. He is also the chairman of the FC Karpaty Lviv and plays for the Olympique Lyonnais club. The club is located in Parc Olympique.
A.C. Milan play in Serie A, the league they were in prior to being picked to play in, and their manager is Siniša Mihajlović. The former is the manager of A.C. Milan, who have Serie A to play in.
A.C. Milan's current manager is Silvio Berlusconi, who plays for A.C. Milan and is affiliated with the U.C. Sampdore. The club has previously been managed by former Juventus
Abel Hernándz is in the U.S.C.C. He plays for the U.S.C. national football team and plays for the U.S.C. national football team. He manages Abel Hernándz and plays for the U.S.C. national football team.
The chairman of the FC Spartak organization isSergey Rodionov. He is in the club FC Amkar Perm, but plays for FC Spartak in the Iztay Arena in Iztay. He is also the manager of the FC Spartak Arena, which is owned by the club FC Amkar Perm.
The chairman of the FC Spartak organization isSergey Rodionov. He is in the club FC Terek Gazny and plays for FC Terek Gazny. He is also the manager of the club FC Spartak in Warsaw.
FC Terekgrozny's ground is in Warsaw and they play in the FC Terek Gazyouth club. The manager of the club is called Razid Rhakimov and he plays for FC Terek Gazyouth.
The manager of FC Torpedo is Valery Petrakov who was born in the country of the former leader of the USSR and currently plays for the FC Torpedo in the 2014-15 season. He is also a member of the FC Turko team.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Proton F.C. which is the home ground of AFC Tafton. He is the manager of AFC Tafton and plays for United Proton F.C. He is also the chairman of the Ferencvárosi TC.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Proton F.C. which is the home ground of AFC Taplena. He is also the manager of AFC Taplena and plays for United Proton F.C. He is also the chairman of the Ferencvárosi TC.
The (19253) paleontological body of (19253) paleontological body of (19253) paleontological body of (19253) paleontological body of (19253) paleontological body of (19253) paleontological body of (19253) paleontological body of (19253) paleontological body of (19253) paleontological body of (19253) paleontological body of (
The Alma mater of James C. Watson is University of Michigan. He was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the discovercher of 101 Helena.
The university of Michigan is the examiner of the deceased person's state of origin. They are the discoverers of 101 Helena. James was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The German Emperor was the creator of the German body of 1036 Ganymed. He died in Göttingen. The doctoral student of Walters Bakery is Allan Sandage.
The doctoral student Halton Arp was born in German and is now affiliated with the University of Gttingen. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He is the doctoral student of Allan Sandage and doctoral student of Halton Arp.
German national, Allan Sandage was born in Berlin. He is the doctoral student at the University of Ghent and is the creator of 1036 Ganymed.
103.0 is the discoveranger of James C. Watson who was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He studied at the University of Michigan and was a member of the crew of 103.0.
103.0 meters is the length of the discoverer of 103.0 meters by James C. Watson, an American. He graduated from the University of Michigan with a doctorate in Science in 1998 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The NASA dish of 107 Camilla, which was created on 12/31/06, has a total length of 2368.05 (days). It was picked by B. Zellner and is part of the Karnataka system. The periapis is a 560937000.0 (kilmetre) long dish.
The NASA-operated 108 Camilla was created on 12/31/06. It has a discoverer of C. Woods and a periapis of 560937000.0 (kilo).
The F.V.V. Malas was the discoverer of the 107 Camilla which is 560937000.0 (located at the Asterion Periys). The mission was completed on 12/31/06 and the periapis is 560937000.0 (located at the Asterion Periys).
N. R. Pogson was born innottingham, England. He was a student at the University of England and was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11. He died inhennai.
The 1089 Tama is a fictional body that was created on June the 27th, 1927, at a height of 737 metres above sea level. It has a length of 1,982 metres and a runaway, 0.0068 metres per second.
The 1101 Crater is 05.7 metres above sea level and has a total area of 5,219,000. It was completed in June the previous year and has a periapis as its periapis.
The 11264 Claudiomaccone is a 453-toned, 527-toned, 1867-operated, NASA operated body. It has a total surface area of 527,678 square metres and a periapis of 296521000.0 (Kilogys).
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a political leader in Asajaya, the region of Asajaya. He was born in Malaysia on 05/21/36 and is part of the Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He attended the University of the University of the city of the city of the city of the city of the demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He is a member of the Democratic Party of the Philippines. He is the backup to Adenan Moner.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the active leader of Abdulsalami Abubakar which is run by the Igor Diya family. The Abdulsalambraya is the location of the former leader of Abdulsalambraya, who was a fighter pilot and a member of the National Navy.
Abdulsalam Abubakar is a political leader in Abdulsalam Abubakar which is located on the 29th of May in 1999. The Abdulsalam Abubakar is the location of the Olympic Stadium and the leader of the army which was established in the previous year.
Abra Ribicoff was born in the United States and is from the Democratic Party of the US. He was a political leader in the US and was a senator. He died in the US.
Abra Ribicoff was born in New York City, USA. He is a United States national who was the recipient of the Democratic Party of the US. He worked as a US Secret Service official and was a member of the Democratic Party of the US. He died in New York City.
Abra Ribicoff was born in New York and died in New York. He was an American born in the US. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country.
The late Alan Adler was born in the city of Chester. He graduated from the University of Massachusetts at the University of the same year with a doctorate in Science. He was a member of Parliament for the Parliament of Gravesham and began working for the Grenadius Guards in the late 05th of May, 2007.
The Conservative Party of UK is the main party of the home town of the birth place of Faversham, Kent, England. They were born in Faversham, and began working for the Conservative Party in the UK in 05/05/2005.
Antonis Samaras is the prime minister of Greece where the birth place of Adonis Georgiadis is Athens. The native born Georgiadis is the recipient of the Office while the Prime Minister is Antonis Taras.
Agnes is a country where the leader is Mark Rutte. The country is the location of the Social Democratic Party and the leader is Emile Roemer. The country is the location of the House of Representatives and the leader of the party is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kapte is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. He is the manager of the Agnes Kapte, which is located in the country. The country is the location of the address, Works At, which has the title of "Agnes Lokom.".
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. The country is the location of the Social Democratic Party and the leader is Emile Roemer. The latter is the home of the home of the Social Democratic Party.
Albert B. White was born in 1857 on 18th September, in Virginia. He died in Parkerburg, West Virginia.
Agnes White was born in Cleveland, Maryland. She was a student at the University of Maryland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was a member of the legislature of the West Virginia. He was a political leader in the state and was a member of the governor's office at 11th Avenue. He retired on April 1st, 1955.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and served as a political leader in the United States on March 4, 1904. He was a member of the Democratic Party and began working for the US National Party in 1910. He retired on April 1, 2011.
Juan Perón is the leader of the Colombian people. He is the son of the deceased, Vicente Rodríguez Larreta. The Labour Party (Argentina) is the leading party in the capital city.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Italy on 18th of March, 1892. He was a member of the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was a member of the Manual of Works. He was a member of the Manual of Works and was a member of the Administrative Office of the Senate. He is now deceased.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Trol, in the country of Austria. He is a political leader in the Austrlian People's Party. He died in Gaz.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Duol, in the country of Austro. He is a member of the German Peoples Party and died in Straz.
Alvah Saman, who was born in Vermont, Illinois, was a political leader in the state of Virginia. He died in Sycamore, Illinois. The largest city in the state is Burlington.
Alvah Saman was born in Georgia, Vermont. He served as a senator in the 3rd congressional district in Virginia. He died in Sycamore, Illinois.
The commander of the United States army is Alfred M. Davis. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country and fought battles in the US Civil War. The US is the location of the Alfred M.D. battle of Gettysburg.
Alfred Moore Scales was a United States Army Commander who was the commander of the American Civil War. He was a Native American and fought battles in the US including the Battle of Gettysburg and the Battle of Gettysburg.
Juan Perón is the national of the Labour Party (Argentina) which is the party in the Catalonia regional council. He is also the owner of the Spanish language book, Alpero. He is also the national of the Spanish language book, Alpero.
The band/ associated with the Supergroup of Youth and the associated band/ associated with the Paranormal Society are the Kids Imagine Nation. They are an ethnic group of the city of Atlanta and the band member is Brandon Roberts. He is also a member of the Paranormal Society.
The American, born in Indiana, is the originator of the genre of Into the Band. He is a member of the Wee Giant band and plays as a soloer.
The American bornAaron Wheeler was the band's manager and began working for the band in 1995. He began playing for the band and the associated Musica Eaters (which is also known as Black Metal). He is currently the manager of the Band.
The band/ associated Musica and the associated band/ associated Musica both began their lives in Massachusetts. They were both created in 1995 and their associated band/ associated Musica and the associated Musica both have the genre of "squeezed".
Abradab was born in Warsaw, Poland on the 12th of November, 1978. He performed as a Musician and was associated with the Band/Band/ associated Musician. Magikrapper is the backup vocals for Abradab.
Ace Wolfer was born in Switzerland on the 23rd of July 1982. He performed as a sola member and was a member of the crew of Ace Wolfer. He is the creator of the comic book character, who is also known as Ace Wolfer.
Ace Wolfer was born on July 23, 1982 in Stockton, and wrote "Ace Wolfer". He is the backup vocals for "Ace Wolfer".
Ace Wolfer is a genre of rock and has the genre of Ganger. He is from the United States and plays at the Ace Wolfer club. The genre is also known as Hooka rap.
Ace Wolfer was born in Switzerland and is the genre's originator. He is the founder of the genre, HipHop, which is also known as "Drum and Bass".
Al Anderson (RQ Band) was born in Glenster, in the state of WV. He was a member of the RQ Band and began playing rock in 1966. He is the band's associated band and the associated Musa. The band has a genre called rock and began playing in 1966.
Al Anderson is the associated band with the rock band The Grapes. He is the arranger of the band which is also known as the Musuem and uses the Guitar as a mainstool. The genre of rock is rock and the Grapes is also a genre found in the country.
Alan Frew was born in Newmarket, in the Province of Cornwall. He was a member of the Musician crew and is now a member of the Cotable crew. He is a solider.
Born in the Social Republic of the States, born in the Igor region in the year 1971, is the creator of the Pop rock genre. He is the backup vocals for the popular rock band, The Fuse.
K2 is the band name of the Igor Severed K2 and they are associated with the band K2. They were born in the same year and started playing the raspberries and blues. Their main genre is the genre of Rhythm and they have the associated Musa & K2.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872. He was a United Kingdom national and died in London.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom where Alfred Garth Jones was born in the city of London. The leader of London is Boris Johnson and the European Parliament is the official death place of Alfred Garth Jones.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in London, the leader of which is the European Parliament. He died in London, the UK where Labour Party is the leader.
Alison O'Donnell was born in Dublin and began working in the band The Wizarding Musuem in 1963. He was associated with the band The Wizarding Musuem and the associated Musical category. He has since retired.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazzer from London who has Stanyan Records as a backup. She is also the disc name of Deram Records which is located in Deram.
Alison O'Donnell is an African American rocker who wrote the genre of Jazz. She is a member of the Afrobeat genre and uses the Fuzzy Panels as a reference.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz who is a member of the Afrobeat genre. She uses the genre of Jazz, which is also known as a Fruit and has the genre of Fantasy.
Born in Dothan, Alabama, in 1981, was a guitarist for the band Apollo. He is the author of "The Art of the Eagle", which is in the genre of ACP.
The band/ associated Musically affiliated with The Movement are The Wizards and The Sea of Sand. They were born in 1988 and began playing rock concerts. They have since retired.
The Band/ associated Musically Association of Gales and Walters was born in 1988. Anders was a member of the BLues and played the part of the Band/ associated Musically Association of Gales and Walters. He began working with the band in 1988 and has since passed away.
Born in 1986, Andra (singer) is a member of the Dance-Pop genre. She was a student at Câmpia Turzii and was a member of the Real TV-Singer crew. She has also starred in the film "Solo Segment".
Born in Romania in 1986, Andra (singer) is a member of the genre of the rythm and blues. He is also the creator of the solanica, which is also known as a solanica.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band Armin van Buuren and the associated Musa and is also known as Andrew Rayel. He is also known as Andrew Rayel and was a member of the band "Armin van Buuren" and the associated Musa and performed as a traditonal style of rock. His band is called "Armin van Buuren" and he has the "Christian" style of rock.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. He is a member of the Trances and Musicals and was associated with the Band/ associated Musician/Christian Burns. He has since retired.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. He was a member of the Band/ associated Musical Artists and began working in 2009. He is currently the Musician and the Band/ associated Musician.
Andrew Rayel is an associated band with the Christian Science Movement. He is a member of the Band/ associated Musical/ associated Musical/ associated Musical/ and the associated Band/ associated Musical/ associated Musical/ associated Musical/ associated Musical. He also performed as a backup to the Band/ associated Musical/ associated Musical/ associated Musical/ associated Musical.
Andrew White (born in 1923 in Brooklyn) is the Musician associated with the band The Knee Band. He began working with the band in 2003 and has since passed away. The B-Band/ associated with the band includes the B-Banilow and the associated Musician/Band/ associated with the Musician/Band.
The birth place of Hip hop is Fort Campbell. The genre is known as "HipHop," it originates from the genre of "HipHop," it's main ingredient is Drum and bass.
The genre of Hip hop is rock and it originates from the year 1981. It is also the origin of the name of the genre of Drum and the origin of the genre of Drum and bass.
London is lead by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Alfred Garth Jones was born in the city, died in London. The Labour Party is the leader of London.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asunción, and died in Paragay. Agustin Barboza is a leader in the Moro ethnic group.
Andrew White is the leader of alternative rock in London. He is the author of the B-Signed, which is a genre that includes the likes of Nu Metal and Andrew White's own work.
Andrew White is the author of the book "Nu Metal" which is available in print and is also known as alternative rock. He is also the distributor of the alternative rock band, The Veil.
Al Anderson (RBQ band) is from the USA and he plays in the club Gus Bar. He uses the guitar as a rock anthem and the arranger is Guitar.
The genre of rock is rock and the main ingredient is Banjo. The BLUES and the GROUP are both from the country of Belgium. The genre is also influenced by the genre of rock.
The band/ associated Musically affiliated with Dead Metal is the Twilight Band. They are also the band that was created in the band/ associated with the Dead Metal genre. They play in a band called Black Metal and the latter uses the latter's name.
Uruuys leader is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and the leader is Daniel Martínez (politician). The deceased is Montevideo, a country in which Spanish is spoken.